Officer says: "Good afternoon. Where are you off to today?"
Driver says: "I, uh, got a delivery to make at Bao Yu. I should be back later today."
Officer says: "You all right?"
Driver says: "Yeah, just a little tired. One more pick-up, then I'm clocking out."
Officer says: "I thought you said you had a delivery?"
Driver says: "Did I?"
Officer says: "I'm going to need you to step out of the vehicle and open the back of the truck."
Zaheer says: "Let's get out of here!"
Opal says: "Hey, Bolin."
Bolin says: "Opal! Oh, wow, you ... really know how to sneak up on someone."
Opal says: "What are you doing?"
Bolin says: "Oh nothing, you know, just ...  just thinking about my body and mustaches that I might have in the future."
Opal says: "You're acting weird again."
Bolin says: "Sorry. I wasn't really thinking about all my mustaches. I'm just frustrated. I've been trying to metalbend and I can't figure it out. Don't tell anyone, okay?"
Opal says: "Why not?"
Bolin says: "Because it's embarrassing. This isn't the first time I've tried, and I've been wanting to metalbend ever since I heard about Toph. Your grandmother is my biggest hero!"
Opal says: "My mom grew up learning from Toph. Just go train with her. Stop being so scared."
Bolin says: "You know what? Maybe I am scared. But what about you? I know that you want to go to the Northern Air Temple to train with Tenzin, but you haven't done it, because you're afraid too!"
Opal says: "You know what? You're right. I don't want to leave my family and disappoint my mom."
Bolin says: "Look at us! Talking about our feelings, supporting each other."
Opal says: "It's nice."
Toph says: "What were you thinking? And what were you thinking? You two have put me in an impossible position."
Lin says: "You're mad at me?  She's the one who was running around with criminals!"
Suyin says: "This is all your fault!"
Lin says: "I was doing my job!"
Toph says: "All right, enough! Here's what we're going to do. Su, you need to leave the city as soon as possible."
Suyin says: "What?! Where am I supposed to go?"
Toph says: "You'll go stay with your grandparents. Lin, give me the arrest report."
Lin says: "Mom, what are you doing?! You can't cover this up! There are witnesses."
Toph says: "I'm the Chief of Police! I can't have a daughter in jail!"
Lin says: "So, once again, Suyin gets to do whatever she wants and there are no consequences."
Toph says: "This is our only option."
Guo says: "You're going to feel a bit fragile, so it's probably best if you take it easy for a while."
Lin says: "I don't need to rest. I need to do something I should've done a long time ago."
Suyin says: "Congratulations. You're the first metalbending Avatar."
Bolin says: "So, umm, I've been thinking, and I'd like to try to learn metalbending.  I mean, I'm sure you have a waiting list or something of a couple years so."
Suyin says: "Let's get started."
