Baatar Jr. says: "So I see how the current interacts with the vine, and here is a kind of directional tube, but that is baffling here at the base. It looks like that would only redirect the energy back where it came from. And what's that piece of equipment you're fiddling with now on the power source?"
Varrick says: "Hand me the ... screw-turn-thingy, would ya?"
Bolin says: "Ugh, I can't believe you're helping them, you know this isn't right."
Varrick says: "Funny story, Bolin. I first got the idea for harnessing spirit power when I watched that giant Unalaq-monster attack the city from my jail cell. That giant monster set me free!  Trust me, kid, I know what I'm doing.  That ought to do it.  Huh.  Okay, stand back.  There we go!"
Baatar Jr. says: "What's that ticking?"
Varrick says: "That's the timer."
Baatar Jr. says: "The timer for what?"
Varrick says: "For the bomb, of course!"
Bolin says: "What?! What bomb?"
Varrick says: "The bomb that's gonna explode in five minutes and destroy this entire train, all of the spirit vines, and everything else within a few hundred yards."
Varrick says: "You know what, I'd get out of here if I were you. This is the first time I've built a timer and it might run a little fast. Bolin and I are ready to go down with the ship, or train, in this case, but you seem like you have a lot to live for."
Bolin says: "Nononono! I'm not ready to go down with the ship, or the train!"
Baatar Jr. says: "You're bluffing."
Varrick says: "Stick around five minutes and you'll find out who's bluffing.  You'll be sorry you left me, Zhu Li! When they write the history books, your name will be synonymous with betrayal! People will say, "Hey, what happened to that guy? Oh, didn't you hear? He 'Varricked' himself because some girl 'Zhu Li'd' him!""
Baatar Jr. says: "Enough! What makes you think we would let you blow yourself up? You're working for Kuvira! You don't get to quit.  Grab him."
Varrick says: "You try to pull me away from this thing and I'll hit this remote, and blow it immediately!"
Baatar Jr. says: "Why do you have a timer and a remote?"
Varrick says: "Well, first, I built the timer, but then I thought, you could drag me off the train, so then I built a remote, but then I thought, do I really need the timer, because now I got a remote in my--  Whatever! I'm covering all my bases! The point is, you're leaving, we're staying!"
