Tahno says: "Ooh, oof. You boys smell something in here? Wait, I know what that is; yeah, that's the scent of losers."
Korra says: "I hope we see you in the finals. Then we'll know who the losers really are."
Tahno says: "Yeah, I'm peeing my pants over here."
Ring announcer says: "And now, the defending champs, the White Falls Wolfbats!"
Asami says: "Great job!  What a comeback, Korra. I've never seen a hat trick like that."
Korra says: "Thanks!  But, if it hadn't been for you and your father, we wouldn't have had the chance to play. So thank you."
Bolin says: "Uh, if everyone's done with the little "thank you" party, need some medical attention over here."
Korra says: "Ooh, let me help!"
Bolin says: "Owww! Gah! Haven't you hurt me enough, woman?"
Korra says: "Relax, I'm a healer!  I learned from Katara, the best there is."
Bolin says: "No, no, oh- ooh! That's the stuff!"
Korra says: "Bolin, I'm sorry I hurt your feelings. I didn't mean to let things get so out of hand."
Bolin says: "Ahh, I'll be all right. But we had fun together, didn't we?"
Korra says: "I had a great time, honestly! You are one of a kind, Bolin."
Bolin says: "Please, go on. I enjoy praise."
Ring announcer says: "Your winners, the Wolfbats!"
Korra says: "What? How is it over already?"
Shiro Shinobi says: "With a brutal round one knockout, the defending champs secure their spot in the finals.  I hope the Ferrets know a good doctor, 'cause they're gonna need one!"
Main Asami Sato Bolin Korra Mako Antagonists White Falls Wolfbats Ming Shaozu Tahno says: "Minor Ikki Jinora Mo Ce Mongoose Lizards Naga Narook Pabu Pema Pro-bending referee (semi-finals) Ring announcer Shiro Shinobi White Falls Wolfbats fangirls"
Shiro Shinobi says: "Amon's revolution grows stronger by the day. First, he attacked the bending arena! Then it was discovered that Hiroshi Sato was the mastermind behind the Equalist gloves and mecha tanks! And most recently, Amon ambushed Councilman Tarrlok, took his bending, and nearly captured the Avatar as well! Everyone is on edge, wondering where will Amon strike next?"
