Chef says: "Tonight, for your dining pleasure, I present a seared wild Kyoshi elephant koi, paired with a ginger-infused pea tendril and hibiscus root salad."
Suyin says: "Stunning."
Baatar says: "Sorry, dear, I'm going to have to take dinner to my office. I just had a major breakthrough on the tram station remodel."
Suyin says: "Well, don't let me stand away an inspiration."
Baatar says: "You're the best!"
Suyin says: "That was my brilliant architect of a husband, Baatar, and our oldest son. He engineers all my husband's projects."
Lin says: "Five kids. What a nightmare."
Suyin says: "No, no. My children are a blessing."
Lin says: "Yeah, mom used to say that too, but she never meant it."
Bolin says: "Mmmm. I have to admit, I was pretty skeptical when he said "pea tendrils",  but this is delicious."
Opal says: "I know, right. I don't think I've ever had a bad meal in my life."
Bolin says: "Oh. I had plenty when Mako and I were living in the streets.  I mean, you'd be surprised how bad food from a dumpster can be."
Opal says: "I'm sorry. I didn't know."
Bolin says: "No, no, it's okay, that's all in the past. Things are great now. I got to be a pro-bender, fought against a dangerous revolution, became a mover star, and now, I'm helping the Avatar rebuild a whole nation."
Opal says: "Wow. Your life sounds so exciting."
Suyin says: "How's your search for the new airbenders going?"
Korra says: "Honestly, not great. We had to rescue a whole group of them from the Earth Queen."
Suyin says: "Oh, she's horrible. She thinks she can just do whatever she wants."
Lin says: "Sounds familiar."
Suyin says: "What?"
Lin says: "Nothing."
Suyin says: "I mean, the idea of even having a queen is so outdated. Don't you agree, Korra?"
Korra says: "I ... I haven't really thought about it too much."
Suyin says: "Well, you should start. The world is evolving and the Earth Queen can evolve with it or step aside."
Lin says: "Hey, everyone. My little sister is an expert on world affairs now."
Suyin says: "You want to talk about what's really bugging you? Because I'm right here!"
