Opal says: "Release them now!"
Kuvira says: "If Su agrees to bow to me and turn over Zaofu, she and the rest of your family will not be harmed."
Suyin says: "Never! I'll never bow to you!"
Korra says: "There must be some way for us to resolve this!"
Kuvira says: "I've already laid out my terms, and I think they're very reasonable. After all, Su did try to take me out during our peaceful negotiations."
Wei says: "You call bringing an army to threaten our city "peaceful"?"
Opal says: "Where's Bolin? I know he would never go along with this!"
Kuvira says: "Bolin is with my fiancé, working on something very important.  But, I assure you, he's on board with my plans. You two have been apart for some time. I guess you don't realize how much Bolin has grown up.  Now turn over Zaofu."
Korra says: "I can't just let you take the city!"
Kuvira says: "Avatar Korra, you are interfering with internal Earth Empire business, and letting your personal feelings get in the way of reason. Zaofu cannot continue to rule itself. They have been hoarding their riches and technology too long. I'm here to distribute those resources fairly throughout the nation. This is about equality."
Opal says: "You don't care about equality! This is about control!  Just take her down! You know it's the right thing to do! You have to stop this!"
Kuvira says: "The only way you're going to keep me from marching into Zaofu is if you physically stop me. Now what are you going to do?"
Korra says: "It looks like you're not giving me a choice."
Kuvira says: "Fine.  I want you all to know that I would never ask any of you to do something that I'm not willing to do myself.  So, rather than risk your lives, I will fight the Avatar one-on-one.  Korra, if you win, then you can do whatever you want with Zaofu.  But after I beat you, I want you out of my business for good. I'm the one who brought peace to the Earth Empire, not you. You're not relevant here anymore."
Korra says: "Fine.  You wanna fight the Avatar? Then let's finish this, right here, right now."
