Bumi says: "Oh, you are just so cute. I'm going to name you Bum-Ju. It's short for "Bumi Junior".  Don't you think he looks like me?"
Tenzin says: "The resemblance is uncanny."
Jinora says: "I think Dad's mad at me."
Kya says: "Your father's not mad. His pride's just a little bruised since he isn't able to see spirits like you."
Korra says: "You have a natural gift. That's pretty lucky."
Jinora says: "You're the lucky one. You actually got to meet the first Avatar. I know about a lot of Avatars, but I don't know anything about him. Is it even a him? Or is it her?"
Korra says: "It's a him, Avatar Wan. He was amazing. I saw how he became the first Avatar by fusing with Raava, the Spirit of Light."
Jinora says: "The Avatar is part spirit? Of course! Just like the statue."
Kya says: "What statue?"
Jinora says: "When we were at the Southern Air Temple, I was drawn to this old carving. I couldn't figure out what it was until now. It was the first Avatar."
Korra says: "When did this happen?"
Jinora says: "It was on the solstice."
Korra says: "That's the day I opened the Southern portal."
Korra and Jinora says: "Whoa."
Bumi says: "We're here!"
Tenzin says: "Are you sure these spirits are leading us into the right place?"
Bumi says: "Of course! I trust Bum-Ju with my life."
Korra says: "Look. There are carvings on them."
Tenzin says: "This is an ancient airbender meditation circle."
Jinora says: "There's a lot of spiritual energy in this place, but it feels really strange."
Tenzin says: "We'll have to perform a spiritual cleansing ceremony."
Bumi says: "What are you talking about?"
Tenzin says: "Dad taught it to me. This site has been neglected for many years. A cleansing ceremony will help strengthen its connections to the Spirit World."
Bumi says: "Good job, you cleansed the area of the only spirits that want to help us, and you scared away Bum-Ju."
Tenzin says: "It's working."
Bumi says: "Ah! Bats! Evil bats!"
Korra says: "Not bats. Dark spirits."
Tenzin says: "What are we supposed to do?"
Kya says: "Amazing."
