<scene>
Shiro Shinobi:  The Red Lotus is the world's newest threat. After confronting Zaheer, Korra learned that he is part of a secret society whose mission is to take out all the nations' leaders and destroy world order. But before Korra could warn anyone, she and Asami were apprehended by the Earth Queen's forces. And the Red Lotus have Mako and Bolin. Now both parties are headed toward Ba Sing Se.
</scene>

<scene>
The scene starts in a building in the midst of the desert where a group of people walks toward an Earth Kingdom airship. Camera cuts to ground level as a soldier pushes the dolly Korra is on while Asami walks forward with her head bowed down.
Korra:  You have to let me out! The Earth Queen is in danger from a group of terrorists calling themselves the Red Lotus.  I talked to one of them in the Spirit World yesterday. He's insane!
Captain:  Screaming about terrorists in the Spirit World? You're the one who sounds insane. 
</scene>

<scene>
The engine is turned on, and the airship begins to fly. The scene cuts to Korra being locked in a cell with Asami. After locking Korra to the wall, the crew chains Asami to the floor.
Asami:  Do I have to be chained to the floor the whole way? It's going to be so uncomfortable.
Arik:  Sorry Ma'am, I'm under orders.
Asami: Can't you just chain me to that railing?  I mean, where am I gonna go?  Please?
Arik: Well, as long as you're chained up, I guess it doesn't make a difference. 
Asami: Thank you, Sir.
Korra: Can I have ... some water?
Arik: No water. We're also not going to bring you any rocks or fire, so don't ask. I guess there's air, but there's nothing we can do about that. We're not opening your compartment 'til we reach Ba Sing Se. 
Korra: I hoped Mako or Bolin would have shown up to save us by now. I wonder if they're okay.
</scene>

<scene>
Scene changes to a truck driving along a desert road. Cut to the inside of the Red Lotus' truck with Zaheer driving and P'Li sitting besides him in front.
Mako:  If you think  holding us hostage will give you some leverage against the Avatar, you're gonna be very disappointed.
Ming-Hua: Can't we just enjoy our time together in silence?
Mako: And why did you need Korra alive back in Zaofu? You had her paralyzed. Why didn't you just take her out when you had the chance?
Ghazan: Look, all you need to know is that the world is about to change, for the better.
Bolin: So you guys were like locked up for fifteen years, huh? It must've been like crazy boring.
Ghazan: Actually, it was only thirteen years. But it felt like thirty.
Bolin: I mean, what did you do with all that time? Did you sing songs, work on crafts?
Ming-Hua: Not a lot of craft supplies in a volcanic prison cell.
Ghazan: And I must've renamed the constellations about a thousand times. When it rained, that was a big event.
Ming-Hua:  I would've killed for some rain. Mostly I just made up stories about the guards: who was having trouble with his girlfriend; which one secretly wished he'd become a pastry chef.
Bolin: Ooh okay, that sounds like fun. Let me try that on you guys.  You were raised by an older sister, your mustache grew in when you were ten and I'm sensing - just sensing - an unspoken attraction between you two.
Ming-Hua and Ghazan glance at each other awkwardly. Ming-Hua gives Ghazan a sulking look and turns away, surprising the lavabender.
Ghazan:  Two out of three. Not bad.
Mako: Bolin, would you stop making friends with the bad guys?
Bolin: Sorry!
Zaheer: Ghazan, gag those two. We're almost there.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a far shot of the truck entering Ba Sing Se. The scene changes to the airship flying above Si Wong Desert, before to the interior where Korra struggles against her restraints, but to no avail.
Korra: We have to find a way to get out of this prison before we get to the Earth Queen.
Asami: Don't worry, I have a plan. These airships the Cabbage Corp sold to the Earth Kingdom are way cheaper than the ones Future Industries built.
Asami stands against the wall and struggles, pulling off the railing. She jumps to bring her hands in front before throwing the railing to catch it upright.
Asami: Now that's just shoddy workmanship.  There's no way I can get these locks off. I need the keys.  Give me five minutes, then start yelling for help.
</scene>

<scene>
Asami crawls down the pane. The scene changes to the palace.
Hou-Ting: When is the Avatar scheduled for delivery?
Gun: The airship already left Fort Bosco and should be arriving in a few hours.
Hou-Ting: Excellent. Bring it to me as soon as it lands.
Gun: Yes, Your Majesty. But first there are some ... people here who captured two of the Avatar's friends. They would like to present them to you personally.
Hou-Ting: You know I don't meet with bounty hunters.
Gun: And of course I told them that. But they say they have some information that might interest you; about the location of your stolen airbenders.
Hou-Ting: Really?  Fine, send them in.  Ah, yes, I remember these two. We'll find an acceptable home for you in prison, with the rest of the dissidents.  Now, I'm told you have some information for me. I hope this isn't just some ruse to increase your bounty.
Zaheer: We don't want any bounty, Your Majesty. You can consider these two a "thank you" gift for simply taking the time to talk to us.
Hou-Ting: How very magnanimous. So, where are my airbenders?
Zaheer: I'd be happy to tell you, once you hand the Avatar over to me.
Hou-Ting:  Who told you that we have the Avatar?!
Zaheer: How I know is not important. But if I found out, others will too. And that could put you in a difficult position.
Hou-Ting: Is that so?
Zaheer: Your Majesty, imprisoning the Avatar will cause the other nations to turn against you and demand her freedom. Before long, we'd be in the midst of a sticky international incident. If you let me take her today, no one need ever know she was here, and you can get your airbenders back without interference. We both win.
Hou-Ting: And what do you plan to do with the Avatar should I see fit to grant your request.
Zaheer: All I can say is: I have business with her. But she won't be bothering you again. I can assure you of that. 
Hou-Ting:  I find these terms agreeable. Gun, escort them to the antechamber until the Avatar's arrival.  Send these two to the dungeon. 
</scene>

<scene>
The scene changes to the airship flying above the desert. Cut to the outside of the cell, where Arik stands guard.
Korra: Guards!  Get in here!  Something happened to my friend. She needs help.
Arik:  Where is she?
Arik is knocked out by Asami. She opens the door, triumphantly spinning the keys around her finger. She frees Korra from the straitjacket while Korra removes the muzzle.
Korra: Nice work. Now let's take control of the ship.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the cockpit of the airship where Korra barges in with metalbending. The co-pilot runs up, but is knocked against the steering wheel by an air blast, causing the airship to lose control.
Captain: Mayday! Mayday! The Avatar has escaped. We're going down in quadrant four of the Si Wong Desert.
The co-pilot regains consciousness and charges Korra, before being knocked against the captain by another air blast. Asami runs up to the steering wheel.
Asami: I think you might have been a little over-aggressive with the airbending. The controls are busted.  Also, you broke the radio.
Korra: Sorry, but it's not my fault this airship's a hunk of junk.
Asami:  Hang on to something! 
Korra and Asami climb out of the airship from the roof.
Asami: Well. They say any landing you could walk away from is a good landing.  But, given our location, I'm not so sure about that.
Korra: You're the engineer. What do you think? Can we get flying again?
Asami: It doesn't look good. Even if you metalbend the propellers back into shape, we have to dig this whole thing out of the sand.
Korra:  Is everyone all right?
Arik: Like you care.
Kong: What the heck happened?
Arik: She said her friend needed help, then they knocked me out!
Korra: I'm sorry. But I couldn't let you take me to the Earth Queen as a captive. There are dangerous forces at work that you don't know anything about.
Kong: More dangerous than being stranded in the desert?
Captain:  Don't worry, Kong. I've radioed Ba Sing Se before we went down. We just need to sit tight. Somebody will be here to rescue us.
Korra: I'm not waiting around for that. We need to get out of here now.
Asami: If we all work together, we might be able to get the ship up and running.
Kong: Not likely. I just tunneled out the engine room. It's like a sandbox in there.
Captain: This ship isn't going anywhere. And neither are you. You're prisoners and it's our duty to transport you to the Earth Queen.
Korra:  You realize that I'm the Avatar, right?  You don't want to fight me.
Captain: I'm afraid you aren't giving us much of a choice. We have our orders.
Asami:  Wait, did that sand dune just move?
Captain: It was probably just a mirage. The desert will play tricks on you.
Asami:  That's no mirage. Look.
Kong: I heard that since all the spirits came back, this desert has been haunted by them.
Korra:  Oh right, so I guess that's my fault too. Do you want to help us get this ship up and running, or do you want to wait around and meet that thing?
Kong: We want to fix the ship. Right, Cap? 
Captain: Let's get to work.
Korra: Everybody stand back.
</scene>

<scene>
Korra prepares herself and bends a large air spout at the sand dune. The scene changes to the prison cell, where a guard patrols past the cells, knocking on the bars with a baton. As he walks past Mako and Bolin's cell, he hits Bolin who was leaning against the bars, causing him to grunt in annoyance.
Mako: We have to find a way out of here before Zaheer gets his hands on Korra.
Prisoner:  Take me with you. I haven't seen my wife and five kids for four years.
Bolin: Four years?
Prisoner:  The first few months were great, I-I could finally get some sleep, but ...  now I really miss them.
Mako:  Listen. Bolin, this is up to you. I know you can metalbend.
Prisoner: You can metalbend?
Bolin: No.
Mako: Yes you can. I believe in you.
Prisoner: I believe in you too, Bolin.
Bolin: I appreciate that, Mako, and fellow ... prisoner man. But I've been trying and trying and trying and I've never been able to do it. Not even a little.
Mako: You've always had the ability deep down. You just haven't had the motivation. But this is your time! Get us out of here to save Korra. You can do it!  Bolin! Bolin!
Other prisoners: Bolin! Bolin! Bolin! Bolin!
Bolin: You're right.  Okay, here I go. Metalbending.  I can't metalbend.
Other prisoners: Aww! 
Prisoner: Hey, you guys didn't happen to bring any toilet paper, do you?
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Lin driving a jeep when she notices some tire tracks. She reverses and drives up the abandoned jeep. As she inspects the it, Naga leaps from behind, growling aggressively, startling her. Naga soon recognizes Lin and smiles, running around her and licking her.
Lin: First, you scare the life out of me, now you want to lick me.
Naga licks Lin once more. Pabu emerges from the jeep and crawls on Lin's body. Lin manages to grab Pabu by the neck and put him on top of Naga.
Lin:  Here, chew on this  and leave me alone.  Tonraq, you read me?
Tonraq: Yes, we copy.
Lin: I've found Korra's jeep, but the kids aren't here. Meet me at the Misty Palms Oasis.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the Si Wong Desert where Asami welds the rudder. The exit hatch opens and Korra and Kong walk out.
Asami: How's it looking in there?
Korra: I just airbent all the sand out of the engine room. I think it's clean.
Kong: Hasn't been this clean since it floated off the showroom floor.
Korra: How's it going out here?
Asami: Well, she's still pretty banged up, but I think she might be able to limp out of the desert. Kong, you want to see if you can get the engine started?
Kong: Aye aye!
Kong walks back into the airship. Soon, the propellers begin to spin.
Arik: All right!
A sand shark jumps from beneath the surface and grabs the airship, snapping it into two. Korra and Asami look in fear before running away with the crew, narrowly missing the sand shark's dive, causing the doomed airship to sink below.
Korra: That's no spirit!  I think it's gone now.
Arik: Kong, are you all right? What are we going to do? All of our supplies were on the ship. We've got no food, no water.
Captain: Easy, Arik. Another ship is on the way. We just need to hold our position for a few hours.
Asami: We might not have a few hours.
Korra: How far are we from the edge of the desert?
Captain: Too far to walk, if that's what you're thinking.
Arik:  We can't just wait around to for that thing to pick us off one by one!
Captain: You'll do as you're told, Airman. Now get a hold of yourself!
Asami:  Maybe we can still build something to get us all out of here.
Captain:  You want to make some wings out of scrap metal and flap real hard?
Asami: No, but we might have enough material to construct a makeshift sand-sailer. Like the sandbenders use to get around. All we need is a sail and some kind of sled to attach it to.
Korra: It's worth a try.
Captain: Gather every piece of metal you can find. We'll give that sandy beast a run for his money yet.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the Red Lotus' chamber. A Dai Li agent walks past the door, alerting the Red Lotus.
Zaheer: Looks like he's in hurry. Wait here.
Zaheer leaves the chamber and, after noticing no one around, stalks the Dai Li agent. As the agent opens the throne room door, he leaps up against the wall, entering the throne room via the ceiling lattice.
Dai Li agent: Your Majesty, we received a distress signal from the airship carrying the prisoners. We believed the ship crashed in the Si Wong desert and the Avatar may have escaped.
Hou-Ting:  This is outrageous! Send another airship to retrieve the Avatar immediately.
Dai Li agent: It's already on its way, Your Majesty.
Zaheer leaves the throne room and returns to his chambers.
Ming-Hua: What are we going to do now?
Ghazan: There's no way we can track her down in the desert before the queen gets to her.
P'Li: You really think we'd be lucky enough to capture her again? She'll be long gone by the time they arrive.
Zaheer: It doesn't matter. We're through chasing her. It's time to make her come to us.
The Red Lotus barge into the throne room.
Hou-Ting: What is this riff-raff doing in my throne room unannounced?
Zaheer: Apologies, Your Majesty. But I couldn't help overhearing that the Avatar won't be joining us today.
Hou-Ting: The Avatar is still in my custody. However, eavesdropping on royal conversations will land you in a cell right next to those boys you brought in. Now, if you value your freedom, you'll tell me where the airbenders are right now!
Zaheer: That wasn't the deal.
Hou-Ting: I will not bandy words with bounty hunters!  Seize these hoodlums and throw them in prison until they decide to show proper respect for the crown!
Dai Li agents surround the Red Lotus. P'Li fires a combustion beam to the floor, knocking off a group of Dai Li agents. Three Dai Li agents fire rock gloves at Ghazan, who easily redirected them back to the agents. A Dai Li agent attacks Zaheer with an earthbending attack from below, though he is able to leap up to avoid the attack and counter with an air blast. Another Dai Li agent attacks him from the pillar, only to be knocked against the pillar. The third agent runs up to Zaheer, only to be thrown away and frozen against a pillar by Ming-Hua. Gun, noticing the battle, runs away.
Hou-Ting: Gun! Get in back here and lay down your life for your queen, you coward!  You wouldn't dare attack a queen!
Zaheer:  Maybe I forgot to mention something to you. I don't believe in queens.  You think freedom is something that you can give or take on a whim ...  To your people ... freedom is just as essential as ... air. And without it ... there is no life.  There is only ... darkness.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the radio control room as the Red Lotus walks in.
Radio operator: Hey! You can't be in here!
Zaheer: No need for alarm. I just need to make an announcement to the entire city. How do I do that?
Radio operator: Who do you think you are?
Ming-Hua:  He's the man who just took down the Earth Queen. You want to be next?!
Zaheer: Ming-Hua, please. We're here to help citizens like him, not hurt them.  Now, can you help me?
The radio operator nods before Ming-Hua throws him to the seat. He sets the controls and bows to Zaheer, who takes the seat.
Zaheer: Attention citizens of Ba Sing Se. I have an important announcement to make.  Moments ago, the Earth Queen was brought down by the hands of revolutionaries,  including myself. I'm not going to tell you my name, because my identity is not important.  I'm not here to take over the Earth Kingdom. I think you've had enough of leaders telling you what to do. It's time for you to find your own path. No longer will you be oppressed by tyrants. From now on, you are free!  I deliver Ba Sing Se be into the hands of the people!
</scene>

<scene>
Ghazan readies himself and punches the floor, melting it to lava. Soon, the Inner Wall begins to melt. With a stomp, the wall collapses. Bystanders brace themselves from the collapsing wall and cheer when the dust settles before making their way out, while Ghazan looks on. Cut to the prison where the prisoners begin rioting. Mako has managed to melt off a section of the bar, shaking his wrist with the the strain before resuming.
Mako: We have to get out of here, Bolin. Zaheer came here to take out the Earth Queen, and now Korra is next.
Prisoner: You know that guy? He's my hero!
Mako: Shut up!  You have to metalbend us out of here. C'mon! I know you can do it! This is your time!
Bolin: You said before "was my time".
Mako: I know I did it, but now it's really your time.  Do it!
</scene>

<scene>
Bolin readies himself and metalbends again. Cut to the prison where all the prison doors, except theirs, open. The prisoners laugh and run out.
Bolin: Did you see that? I did it! I mean, not for us, but I metalbent all the other cells open!
Mako:  I don't think that was you.
Mako and Bolin notice Zaheer approach them and prepare to attack, though were quickly neutralized by an air blast.
Zaheer: Listen to me. I'm going to set you free, but I want to talk to you first. I have a message that I need you to take to Korra.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the Si Wong Desert where Arik welds finishing touches to the sand-sailer.
Asami: She ain't pretty, but I think she'll do the job.
Korra:  No time for a test run. Let's move!
</scene>

<scene>
Everyone boards the sand-sailer. Korra readies herself and bends a large gust of air, moving the sand-sailer. Cut to Asami at the helm as the beast approaches them. Far shot of the beast jumping out, but missed before making another unsuccessful attempt. Cut to the sand-sailer leaving as the sand shark's sand trail disappears.
Arik: I think he's gone. We did it!
</scene>

<scene>
The sand shark emerges from beneath the sand-sailer, preparing to devour it whole. Korra firebends into the mouth, saving them. The beast returns to the sand, pushing the sand-sailer from beneath. Cut to later on the day, when the sand-sailer made its way to the Misty Palms Oasis, where they park the vehicle next to onlooking sandbenders before the sail and mast break off.
Asami: You want to buy a slightly used sand-sailer?
Asami step onto the dock as the last of the group.
Captain: Thanks, Asami. You got a good head on your shoulders.
Korra: I'm sorry for getting us stranded out there. I didn't mean for that to happen.
Captain: You know, whatever the conflict between you and the queen is, I'm sure it's above my pay grade.  You've got a tough job. Good luck, Avatar. 
Arik: Captain, have we been in the desert for too long? Or is that really a dragon over there?
The crew turns to see Druk on the ground, while two camels tied to a tree avoid the dragon, shivering in fear.
Captain: Ugh, let's go get a drink.
Korra watches the airship crew leave before turning to see Naga pin her down and lick her face.
Korra: Dhaaah!  Easy, girl. Did you think we weren't coming back to you? 
Korra and Asami enter the cantina, where they see Lin, Tonraq and Zuko at the far end. Korra smiles and approaches them.
Korra:  What are you all doing here?
Tonraq: Korra, you're safe. 
Korra: Yeah, we made it out of the desert. Thanks to Asami. 
Tonraq: Do you remember Lord Zuko?
Zuko: I met you when you were a very young girl. It's good to see you again, Avatar Korra.
Korra: It's good to see you, Lord Zuko.
Lin:  Thanks for ditching me back at Zaofu.
Korra: Yeah, sorry about that. But, how did you all find us?
Lin: I am a detective, you know.
Asami: Did you find Mako and Bolin?
Lin: Some people at the inn saw them captured by Zaheer's crew. We don't know where they are.
Tonraq: Did you hear about the Earth Queen?
Korra: What about her?
Radio: Once again, the Earth Queen's reign has come to an abrupt and violent end. Ba Sing Se has descended into chaos. Rioters and looters have overrun the palace.
Korra: The Red Lotus.
Tonraq: What's that?
Korra: The name of the group that's been trying to capture me and just took out the Earth Queen. I'm afraid this is only the beginning, Dad.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the Misty Palms Oasis as the sun sets.
Fade to credits.
Main Asami Bolin Korra Mako Antagonists Ghazan Hou-Ting Ming-Hua P'Li Zaheer: Minor Arik Dai Li agents Druk Ba Sing Se airship captain Ba Sing Se airship co-pilot Earth Kingdom prisoners Kong Lin Beifong Naga Pabu Prisoner Radio operator Tonraq Zuko<scene>
</scene>

<scene>
The scene begins in the sky above Republic City, an airship just visible in the distance. The camera pans down, passing over a number of buildings, before stopping outside a shop. An elderly woman exits the store, her arms laden with shopping, as a young Bolin looks on from around a corner. The woman struggles to carry all her bags, and begins to walk away slowly, as a young Mako appears, surveying the woman from the opposite corner. The camera cuts to a close-up of the woman, still struggling with her bags, before panning down to reveal the purse held in her hand, and Mako eyeing it in the background. As the woman continues walking, Mako keeps pace behind her, before nodding to Bolin, who winks back. Mako suddenly rushes toward the woman, grabbing her purse and knocking the shopping bags from her arms.
Elderly woman:  Hey, come back here. 
Bolin:  Don't worry, I'll catch him. 
Mako turns into an alley, the purse clutched firmly in his hand, and Bolin follows.
Bolin:  Give it back, you dirty thief.
The brothers face one another in the alley, each adopting a fighting stance. Bolin slam his foot into the ground, causing a small slab of rock to erupt from the earth in front of him.
Mako:  Hey, I stole that fair and square.
Bolin catches the purse, before earthbending a chunk of the wall behind him toward his brother. Mako dodges the attack, kicking the earth away with firebending. The flaming rock flies out of the alley, as the elderly woman watches on.
Mako:  Ow, stop it.  Ooof. Okay, you win.
Bolin emerges from the alley with the purse, limping slightly and holding a hand to his chest. He stops and leans against the wall, breathing heavily.
Bolin:  Your purse, ma'am.
Elderly woman:  Aren't you a little hero. Here,  let me give you a reward.
Bolin:  Two yuans?! Seriously?! I risked my life for you,  as far as you know. 
Elderly woman:  Why, you little hooligan!
Bolin runs into an alley, where his brother is waiting for him.
Mako: Nice grab, little brother.
Bolin:  Thanks.  Bread tastes so much better than what we ate yesterday.
Mako: We didn't eat yesterday.
Bolin:  So much better.
</scene>

<scene>
The scene changes to the Triple Threat Triad headquarters. Mako and Bolin enter, and discover Toza and Shady Shin in discussion.
Bolin:  Mako! Do you know who that is? It's Toza, legendary earthbending captain of the Boar-q-pines. He's my hero. What do you think he's doing here?
Mako: If you'd stop talking, we could hear.
Shady Shin:  Here's your 10,000 yuans.  Not bad, considering all you have to do is lose your match tonight.  Hey, you're welcome!
Toza walks past Bolin and Mako, a sad look on his face.
Shady Shin:  Can you believe that ingrate mook?
Bolin: Wow. I mean, I hate to see Toza lose, even if he needs to.
Mako: Why? He got paid. You didn't see any pro-benders crying for us when mom and dad died, and we got dumped on the street. Life is hard. You either hustle or get hustled.
Shady Shin: And speaking of hustling, you two need to hit the bricks and collect enough bets to make this little investment pay off. 'Cause if you don't, you're gonna be right back in the dumpster where I found ya.
Mako:  Don't worry, bro. We'll do fine. 
Shady Shin: Seeing those young crooks really gives me hope for the future. 
Episode ends.
</scene>

<scene>
The scene opens to several posters of Toza earthbending, before panning right to Mako and Bolin, who are standing in front of a pet store.
Bolin:  Mr. Feeeeng! Hey, you wanna bet on the fight tonight?
A large crash is heard, causing the boys to flinch.
Mr. Feng:  Come back here, you little rat weasel!
Pabu runs out of the pet store, squeaking. He promptly grabs onto Bolin's pant leg and climbs onto his head. Mr. Feng exits his shop and grabs Pabu off of Bolin's head by the tail.
Mr. Feng: Oh, thanks for grabbing him, Bolin.  He's been trying to escape ever since he figured out I'm going to feed him to the new pythonaconda I just got in.
Bolin: What? You're going to turn him into a snake snack?  Wait, I'll buy him. How much?
Mr. Feng: Five yuans.
Bolin looks hopefully at Mako, who looks away.
Mako: No, the last thing we need is one more mouth to feed.
Bolin:  But it's such a tiny mouth!  Pleeeaase? We can't just leave him for snake food! 
Mako:  Bolin! You have to toughen up!  Big animals eat the little animals, that's just how it goes.  How much do you want to put on the match tonight, Mr. Feng?
Mako is handed a few yuans, and Bolin scratches under Pabu's chin until the fire ferret is swiped away. Bolin frowns, until he looks back to the area with the posters and notices Toza happily signing autographs for younger fans.
Bolin: Hey! Toza! 
Toza:  Oh.  You're the kid who works with the Triple Threats.  What, does Shady Shin want me to belly-flop into the pool so I'm extra humiliated tonight?
Bolin: I just wanted to say, you don't have to throw the fight. I mean ... you're the best!
Toza:  I was the best. But now my body and my bank account are exactly the same: broke.  I made my decision! Leave me alone!
Toza leaves, and Bolin follows him for a few steps before giving up and sighing. Mako approaches him.
Mako: What are you doing? Are you trying to get us in trouble with Shady Shin?
Bolin: No! I just ... Maybe I'm not as mean as you! Maybe I just can't turn my back on people when they're down!
</scene>

<scene>
Bolin leaves, and Mako sighs. Cut to later that night, outside the pet store. Bolin earthbends the door open, sneaks inside, and walks toward the pythonaconda's cage.
Bolin:  Little fire ferret.  Helloo?  I got you buddy. Huh, looks like that snake wasn't hungry after all.  I wonder where he i—
The pythonaconda leaps from the cage and grabs onto Bolin. It wraps itself around Bolin's body and neck, preventing him from breathing. Mako enters, grabbing the snake and pulling it off of Bolin, causing the earthbender to get dizzy and fall into a bunch of boxes. Mako shoves the snake back into its cage.
Mako: You really have a knack for getting into stupid situations, you know that?
Bolin:  Yeah, thanks Mako.
Mako: C'mon, we should get out of here.
Bolin: No, not without him. 
Mako: All right. But his food comes out of your half.
Bolin: Hooray! You're with us now, Pabu!
Pabu jumps from Bolin onto Mako's shoulder and licks him, causing Mako to smile. The two brothers exit the store, Pabu riding once again on Bolin's shoulder.
Bolin: I named him Pabu.
Mako: How did you come up with that?
Bolin: I don't know. It just kind of came to me while the snake was strangling me. Oxygen deprivation gives you some good ideas.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the two and Pabu heading out to the street with the Toza posters, with the Pro-bending Arena lit and glowing in the background.
</scene>

<scene>
The scene opens to a shot of an illuminated Pro-bending Arena. A number of people are milling around at the front, and the screams of the spectators inside can be heard.
Shiro Shinobi:  It looks like Toza has overstayed his welcome in the ring folks.  He's single-handedly costing his team the match.
</scene>

<scene>
The waterbender from the opposing team bends a stream of water at Toza. Toza blocks the attack, but gets pushed back slightly, knocking his teammate into the third zone. Cut to spectators cheering. Cut to Shady Shin, Lightning Bolt Zolt, Mako, Bolin, and Pabu, who are watching the match from the stands.
Shady Shin:  All those bets you boys collected for the Boar-q-pines are about to wind up  in our pockets.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut back to the ring, as Toza gets hit with a firebending strike. An earth disc knocks Toza's teammate out of the ring, and a second impacts with Toza himself, knocking him back into the third zone. Cut to Shady Shin, who watches on gleefully. Cut back to the ring, as Toza teeters on the edge of the ring.
Shady Shin:  Go down, you bum.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut back to Toza, who manages to regain his balance. Cut to Bolin, who has a disheartened look on his face. Cut to Toza, who sighs dejectedly, before adopting a grim determination at the sound of the buzzer.
Shiro Shinobi: Wait a second folks.  Toza looks like he's suddenly waking up from a bad dream.  He's blasting away  just like the championship season 10 years ago.  The legend's still got it.  Knockout!
</scene>

<scene>
Toza waves to the cheering crowds. Cut to Shady Shin and Zolt looking angry, Mako astonished, and Bolin cheering wildly.
Bolin:  Yes. He listened to me, Mako. I told him not to throw the fight  and he listened.
Shady Shin: You what?!
Bolin: Oh, well, you know, I'm sure there are other factors.
Mako and Bolin, with Pabu on his shoulder, run from their seats, as Shady Shin sprints after them. The two brothers burst through a door, and find themselves in Toza's gym. Bolin uses his earthbending to block the door with a number of weights, but Shin and two other triad members force their way through. Bolin lifts up a large chunk of earth from the floor and throws it toward Shady Shin. Mako firebends at the chunk of rock, causing it to explode just above the triad members' heads and covering them in dust. Shady Shin growls in anger, and bends a stream of water at the two brothers, but Bolin protects them with an earth shield. Mako shoots back a blast of fire, but Shin manages to avoid it, and bends a long stream of water at Bolin's shield, as one of the other triad members responds with his own blast of fire. A fissure suddenly appears on the ground, moving toward the triad members, before two large chinks of rock emerge, knocking back two of the triad members, and leaving Shin on his own. Mako and Bolin look over at the source of the attack, and find Toza standing there in a fighting stance. Shin growls at the brothers again, but Toza steps between them and raises his hand, as Pabu leers at the waterbender.
Lightning Bolt Zolt:  All right, enough, enough.  You look ridiculous, fighting with kids. It's not dignified.  And you; what gives? You cost me a lot of money just now. I thought you were an honorable man.
Toza: I am an honorable man. I just needed someone  to remind me.  Here's your money back. Now get out of my gym.
Shady Shin:  Lets go, boys. We're gonna talk about this when we get back to the hideout.
Toza:  Wait. You guys have got some real bending skills. With a little training, I think you could go pro. I could teach you everything I know.
Shady Shin:  Sorry bum, but at least one of these kids is too smart to end up like you, right Mako? 
Toza:  I could find you a place to stay right here in the arena. Who knows, you could be champs. At least it's a chance at an honest living.
Bolin:  Can we, Mako? Mako, can we please?
Shady Shin: Don't go soft on me, Mako. Remember, it's up to you to take care of your little brother. Use your head, make the smart play.
Mako:  Sorry Shady, but you're right. I do have to take care of my brother, and I think this is what's best for him.
Shady Shin:  Suit yourself. But who knows, maybe we can fix a fight together, some time.
Bolin: I'm so glad we're not criminals anymore. Lets celebrate over dinner.
Mako: Err, I think we better save our money.
Bolin: Oh, I have lots of money coming. I bet everything we had on the Boar-q-pines.
Mako: What?! But you knew the fight was fixed.
Bolin: What can I say?  I had a good feeling.
</scene>

<scene>
Toza hugs the two brothers, and the scene fades out to the Pro-bending Arena.<scene>
Shiro Shinobi:  Six months ago, Avatar Korra defeated Amon and the Equalists. Since then the council was disbanded and the United Republic elected its first president. Tenzin's brother, Commander Bumi, retired and moved to Air Temple Island. And Korra and her boyfriend Mako have been the talk of the town. Peace has come to Republic City, but unbeknownst to the Avatar, danger now threatens the Southern Water Tribe.
</scene>

<scene>
Scene fades from a shot of Republic City to a boat sailing in rough waters, its horn blaring in the darkness. Cut to two sailors, looking out over the water from the top of their boat.
Old salt: This your first watch?
Greenhorn:  Mmhmm.
Old salt: Well then, better keep your eyes peeled laddie.  Ya never know what creatures lurk in the murky depths.
</scene>

<scene>
The younger sailor gasps and looks overboard, while the older one chuckles as he walks off, smiling eerily. Cut to a shot high above the ship, as a large, squid-like spirit swims beneath the boat, its many tentacles trailing behind it.
Greenhorn:  Uh, Sir!
Old salt: What?
A tentacle appears and snatches the older sailor from the boat.
Greenhorn: Man overboard! Man overboard!
</scene>

<scene>
The older sailor is dragged into the water, as several more tentacles appear and begin grabbing the boat, slowly dragging it into the water as the scene fades out. Cut to Republic City at night, as the camera pans down to show the Pro-bending Arena, its lights flashing all across the bay.
Shiro Shinobi:  Iiiiit's pro-bending night in Republic City, and have we got a doozy for you!  Fan favorites, the Fire Ferrets, are about to take on hot newcomers, the Rhino Lions!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a frontal shot of a stern-looking Bolin with his hands on his hips. Pabu is perched atop the railing separating the player's locker room from the playing field.
Bolin:  Now we all know that our last match was garbage. Terrible!  Even Pabu could've done a better job.  But that's in the past,  because when you back a Fire Ferret in the corner, well mister,  he comes out fighting!  So, let's get out there  and bend like there's  no tomorrow.  Are ya with me?
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a frontal shot of the other two Fire Ferret members, the male waterbender, who somewhat resembles Mako, sitting dejectedly on the bench, while the female firebender, who somewhat resembles Korra, stands awkwardly next to him. She glances down at her teammate, holding her right elbow with her left arm. The only reaction of either of them comes from the waterbender, who rubs his nose with his left hand, while sniffing. Cut to a close-up of Bolin, whose excited expression has changed to a sad one, as he pensively glances to his left. Cut to a side-view of the Fire Ferrets and the Rhino Lions lined up before each other. As the bell to announce the start of the match rings, both teams ready their respective element. Cut to a shot of the open end of the Fire Ferrets' playing field. As a loud crash is heard, first Bolin, followed by his two teammates, are knocked into view and over the rim into the water, each being hit by their respective element. The buzzer sounds, signaling a zone-line has been crossed.
Shiro Shinobi:  Ooh, the Fire Ferrets go down in the water, and right into the record books  for the fastest knockout in Pro-bending history!
Bolin:  Where's Mako when I need him?
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the side of a motorcycle as the rider shifts the gear; the wailing of a police siren is heard. The motor swerves away from the camera. Cut to a frontal shot of a street as a truck flies around the corner, driving straight at the camera with screeching tires. The motorcycle is hot on its tail and drives at the camera as well. Cut to a close-up of the driver's amber eyes, visible through goggles. Switch to a shot on the ground's level, showing the side of the motorcycle, the truck just ahead. The rear door on the vehicle raises to reveal two men. Cut a closer aerial shot, as one of the men makes circular motions with his hands to bend water from inside the truck. As the liquid flows to him, the camera cuts to a frontal shot of the other man as he claps his hands together, rapidly transforming the water into a mist to hide the speeding truck from view. Cut to a frontal shot of the truck as it races off, while the mist fills the entire length of the street. Switch to a side-view of the motorcyclist as he enters the fog. Cut back to a close-up of the back of the truck, water still flowing out of it. One of the men forces his hand down, and as the camera cuts to a wider shot, the water can be seen flowing onto the road, freezing as the truck travels along the street. Cut to a frontal view of the motorcyclist as he emerges from the mist. He gasps as his vehicle starts to slip on the ice. As the motor spins out of control, the driver uses his firebending to create a circle around him, melting the ice, and enabling him to regain control of the bike as its wheels find solid ground. He swerves out of the path of the rest of the ice and resumes his pursuit. Cut to an aerial shot as the truck runs down a road blockade and narrowly misses an incoming police truck from a street to its right. The motorcyclist finds his road now blocked, and swerves to his left, where a truck with wooden beams that form a ramp stands in his way. Without hesitation, he steers his motor onto the ramp. Cut to a side-shot as the driver uses his firebending to launch himself and his bike into the air, where he flips over, and aims a powerful fire stream at the truck's engine as he comes down. Cut to a frontal shot of the truck, as the screeching of its tires can be heard. Heavy smoke comes from underneath the truck's hood, and its engine explodes, causing it to spin uncontrollably. The motorcyclist lands, and stops his vehicle. Cut to an aerial shot of the motorcyclist as the truck races him by, hit a water hydrant, flips on its roof, slides along over the road, and flips to its side. As the vehicle comes to a stop, it partially explodes. Cut to a frontal shot of the destroyed vehicle as two of the three passengers are already lying in front of the truck, and the driver lets himself fall from out of the broken windshield. He lands on top of his two comrades, eliciting a grunt from them. The motorcyclist walks toward them. Cut to a frontal shot as he removes his helmet and pushes up his goggles, revealing himself to be Mako.
Mako:  Looks like you had some car trouble.  Good thing the police are here.
The sounds of a plane engine are heard before cutting to a close-up of a plane's landing gear hitting an airstrip. Switch to a shot of one of the propellers as it starts to lose speed. Switch to a shot of the plane as a whole; the pilot jumps out the cockpit and removes their helmet, walking up to a man in a blue overall, who walks up to meet the pilot half way.
Asami:  I think these planes are finally ready to ship.
She halts before the man, smiling, while resting her right hand on her hip, and holding her helmet in her left.
Engineer:  I hate to mention the elephant-rhino in the room,  but since your father was thrown in prison, no company will work with us.  We're nearly bankrupt.
Asami:  Don't worry. I'm going to the South Pole to meet with someone who can help us put Future Industries  back on top.
</scene>

<scene>
The camera follows Asami as she walks away from the engineer. As soon as he can no longer see her face, her confident expression changes to one of sadness and worry. Cut to the tower on Air Temple Island, as a sky bison flies toward the camera, groaning. The beast turns, the camera following its movements. As it flies out of the screen, the camera locks on four tiny figures racing down a flight of stairs in the distance. The figures go out of screen, to reappear again up close. All on air scooters, Ikki is the first to come into view, with Korra trailing close behind her, followed by Jinora and Meelo. They take a turn, heading toward the buildings. Cut to an open corridor, where Pema is walking, holding Rohan and some groceries. The four youngsters zoom past her, nearly knocking her over. Startled, she throws the vegetables in the air, as she spins in between the racers. When they are gone, she manages to catch the food again, and stares after the foursome in surprise. Cut to the racers as the swiftly turn around the airbending training gates; some of the panels start spinning as they pass by. The foursome jumps off the platform. Switch to a side-shot of Korra and Ikki, the latter still in the lead, confidently smiling in challenge toward the Avatar. Cut to a frontal shot of Korra, as she starts to focus. Her eyes begin to glow when she enters the Avatar State; cut to the side-shot again, as Korra uses the extra power to pull ahead of a surprised Ikki. Cut to an aerial shot as Korra speeds underneath a paifang gate, and is flagged the winner. The camera follows Korra on ground level as she comes to a stop and leaps off her air scooter, remaining on her haunches. Cut back to Bumi, who is coughing due to the thrown up dust, as an angry-looking Ikki zooms past, followed by her sister and brother.
Bumi:  The Avatar is the winner!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a frontal shot of Korra as she erects herself, her eyes ceasing to glow as she exits the Avatar State; she turns to her right, her hands propped on her hips, and smugly towers over a raging Ikki.
Ikki:  No fair! You can't go into the Avatar State to win!
Korra sticks her tongue out at Ikki, blowing a raspberry. Tenzin approaches.
Tenzin:  You did what!?  The Avatar State is not to be used as a booster rocket! You are toying with a dangerous power that you obviously do not appreciate!
Korra: It's the Avatar State and I'm the Avatar. Who appreciates it more than me?
Tenzin: Clearly you need more training to grasp the depths of your spiritual connections, not to mention that you're still a long way from mastering airbending.
Korra:  I have mastered airbending!  Punch punch punch!  See?  Mastered.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a close-up of Bumi and an unconvinced Tenzin, who skeptically eyes Korra.
Bumi:  Looks pretty good to me.
Tenzin:  Is it too late for you  to unretire from the United Forces?
Bumi: The paperwork's gone through, little brother. From now on, it's 24/7  Bumi time! 
Tenzin:  You've mastered Korra style airbending, now you need to master real airbending. Hopefully our visit to all the air temples  will give you the inspiration you need to look more deeply into your studies.
Jinora:  Can we see where Grandpa Aang was born?
Meelo: How many lemurs can I have?
Ikki: I wanna get tattoos! But instead of arrows, I want lightning bolts!
Jinora: You can't get lightning bolts. That doesn't make any sense.
Ikki:  You don't make any sense!
Meelo: Fight, fight, fight!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a side-shot of Ikki and Jinora as they press their foreheads against each other as they growl and glare at one another.
Tenzin:  No one's fighting! We're going to have a wonderful time!  Now that the president is in office and I'm not needed on the council, I can finally relax with my family and give Korra the attention she needs.
Korra: Great, more attention.
Bumi: Hah! Relax ... I'd pay money to see that. Maybe I'll tag along just to see "Vacation Tenzin".
Tenzin: You're not invited.
Korra:  Before we go on your dad's study trip, we're gonna have some real fun in my home town at the Glacier Spirits Festival. They've got rides, games, and all kinds of fried food on sticks.
Tenzin's children: Yay!
The kids cheer and circle around Tenzin, who makes a defeated and somewhat frustrated face. Tenzin clenches his eyes shut for a moment and frowns, while Bumi puts an arm around his shoulder.
Bumi: Yep. There's Vacation Tenzin. And you can't stop me from going to the festival, Mom already invited me.
</scene>

<scene>
Tenzin's eyes widen slightly for a moment before narrowing in frustration. Cut to an aerial shot of a ship bound for the South Pole at night. Mako, Korra, and Naga are sitting on deck.
Mako:  So I walk up and say: "Looks like you had some car trouble. Good thing the police are here." 
Korra:  Did you write that beforehand?
Mako:  Yeah! I had a few others.  Let's see, uh ... "Looks like you guys should put more 'try' in triad", huh? Or, "when you get to jail,  tell 'em Mako sent ya".
Korra: Ooh, I like that one.
Mako:  Okay, I'll use that next time. Beifong says if I keep it up, I could make detective soon.
Korra: That sounds so fun. All I do is train all day. It's like Tenzin's totally forgotten how I beat Amon.
Mako: Tenzin's just trying to help you become the best Avatar you can be.
Korra:  Of course you'd take his side!
Mako: I'm not taking his side, I'm just ...
Korra:  I'm gonna take a walk. 
Mako:  Why is it so much easier to bust triads than it is to get through one conversation with my girlfriend?
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to their arrival at the South Pole. The airbending children excitedly greet Katara and Kya, who are awaiting them on the dock.
Tenzin's children: Gran Gran!
The children all gather around Katara and hug her waist.
Katara: Oh ... you've all gotten so big.
Jinora: We missed you, Aunt Kya.
Kya: Ohh, I missed you, too. Your father doesn't bring you to visit nearly enough. He's probably scared I'll beat him up  like when we were kids.
Tenzin: I'm not scared of you ...  anymore.
</scene>

<scene>
The shot cuts to a side-shot of Korra hugging Tonraq while Mako stands behind her and Senna stands to the side.
Korra:  You remember Mako.
Mako:  Sir.
Tonraq:  I hope you're not getting my daughter into anymore trouble up in the city.
Mako: Uh ... No ... uh ... I ... no.
Korra: Knock it off, Dad.
Tonraq laughs and shakes Mako's hand. Bolin walks into frame.
Bolin: Wow! Look at all these people that came out to greet us.
Korra: Uh, no. They came to greet them.
</scene>

<scene>
Korra points to a large and ornate Water Tribe ship that approaches across the water. Cut to a long shot of a royal Northern Water Tribe ship docking on the other side of the pier. The crowd claps and cheers. Cut back to Korra, Mako, Bolin, Tonraq, and Senna.
Tonraq:  The great chief of the Northern Water Tribe comes to grace us with his  presence. Hooray.
Senna:  Just relax  Tonraq, he'll be gone  soon enough. 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a small arctic hen perched atop the flag pole attached to the ship, the flag waving gently in the breeze. As the bird makes a call and flies off toward the camera and out of frame, the scene cuts to a side shot of Unalaq and his children, Desna and Eska, as they depart the ship walking down the plank to the pier, accompanied by guards. Cut to a close profile shot of Unalaq, before panning down and to the left to Eska and Desna.
Bolin: Whoa!  Who are the lovely ladies? 
Korra: That's Eska  and Desna, the  chief's children. Desna is a guy.
Bolin:  Oh, no, sure,  I knew that.  Uhhh ...  and which one is Desna?
</scene>

<scene>
Bolin's face becomes impassive. Cut to a side shot of Unalaq and his group approaching Korra's group. Tenzin and his family stand in the background.
Unalaq:  Good to see you again, Avatar Korra.
Korra:  Good to see you too.
Unalaq:  Tonraq.
Tonraq:  Brother.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Mako and Bolin who worriedly look at each other, surprised with the tone the two brothers use to address each other. Cut to a low angle shot of Tonraq and Unalaq facing each other, with everyone else surrounding them. Mako and Bolin turn their eyes back to the two. Switch to a wide establishing shot of the bay at the Southern Water Tribe and pan right to the city. Cut to a shot of people at the festival with the camera slightly panning right.
Unalaq: It's a shame the Southerners have abandoned all connections to the spirits.  Even during the most hallowed times.
Korra:  I've always loved the Glacier Spirits Festival. It's fun.
Unalaq:  This festival  used to be a solemn time of fasting  and meditation. Now it's just  a chance to watch some rube try to stick an  entire arctic hen in his mouth.
</scene>

<scene>
The group stops and looks to the left. Cut to Bolin, who has stuffed a whole arctic hen inside his mouth and is attempting to swallow it. Upon hearing them, he widens his eyes, turns to face the group and shrugs.
Bolin: What? Oh, it's so good.
</scene>

<scene>
Bolin closes his eyes and clenches his fists in delight. Cut back to the group, where Korra closes her eyes and slightly shakes her head in amusement.
Tonraq: Traditions change. It's not the end of the world.
Unalaq: Tell that to the sailors who are being attacked by angry spirits in southern waters.  Some traditions have  purpose.
Korra: Wait,  spirits are attacking ships?
Unalaq:  I'm surprised the Avatar doesn't know about that. Apparently you haven't been given all of the information you need. It would be my honor to instruct you in the spiritual ways of the Water Tribe.
Korra: I wouldn't mind learning about fighting spirits.  Airbending is getting pretty boring.
Tonraq: Tenzin is Korra's instructor. He can give her all the training she needs.
Unalaq:  So you've said. 
</scene>

<scene>
Scene cuts to a wide shot of a large, white ship before panning down to reveal Asami and Bolin standing in front, with Pabu perching on Bolin shoulder.
Asami: I'm glad you came with me to this meeting. Varrick is one of the richest men in the world, and he controls the entire global shipping business. So, you're my assistant. Just stand there and don't say anything.
Bolin: No problem, Pabu and I are natural assistants.  Man, this is nice! I got to get into this whole business thing.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to inside the yacht. Cut to Varrick is sitting on a cushion, his eyes closed and his fingers pressed against his head in concentration with a look of extreme focus on his face while Zhu Li sits beside him, writing on a notepad. He is surrounded by a number of other people who are all looking at him intently. Camera pans back to reveal Asami and Bolin are among those watching, before cutting to a close-up of Varrick's feet. The camera pans up to his face. He stops suddenly, a massive smile on his face.
Varrick: Did ya see that?  Levitation!  I was a foot off the ground!  Is that incredible or what? 
Male guest #1: How does he do that?
Male guest #2: That's unbelievable.
Male guest #3: That's amazing.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a shot of Varrick who stands, his cloak falling from his shoulders as he does so, and bows. Cut to a side shot of Bolin and Asami. Asami claps with a polite smile as Bolin scratches the back of his head.
Bolin:  You looked like  you were just sitting on a pillow.
</scene>

<scene>
A shocked Asami gasps and puts her head in her hands in embarrassment. Cut to a shot of the stunned audience gasping and looking at Bolin. Cut to another shot of the guests turning and glaring at him. Cut to a close-up of a shocked Varrick who looks up at Bolin as well. The inventor stands up and walks over, stopping in front of Bolin, while putting his hands on his hips and intimidatingly gazing at him.
Varrick: Are you saying I wasn't levitating?
Bolin:  Uh ... no?
Varrick:  Well, why didn't anyone tell me? Now I look like an idiot!  Swami, you're fired!  I like you, kid, you're a real straight shooter, just like me. Miss Sato, he's with you?  Brought your tiger shark with ya to do business, huh? Now that's moxie!  Get over here and pop a squat. Zhu Li, get some tea for my guests!
Asami: Thank you for meeting with me. As you know, Future Industries is looking for a partner to handle our shipping.
Varrick: Sure! But first you gotta check out my new venture! Moving pictures! Zhu Li, do the thing!  You're gonna love this!  Mind-blowing, right?
Bolin:  Yeah.
Varrick: Now forget that! That's the past! Shut it off, Zhu Li!  Imagine watching this!  Ginger, come over here and do your poses.
</scene>

<scene>
Bolin gasps in amazement. Cut to a close-up of a red haired woman, Ginger, in a white fur coat, who walks toward them. The camera zooms out as she drops her shawl and strikes a number of poses, as lights and a stylized background flash behind her. Cut back to Bolin, who is looking wide eyed and drooling, until Varrick gets in the way of his view. Bolin tries to look around him at Ginger.
Varrick: Spectacular! And, we tell a story; there's romance,  action, some funny animal stuff for the kids. You know, whatever! Thanks, Ginger, go rest your gams.  How about that tiger shark? We're gonna do big business with these movers as I call them.
Asami: Okay ... but I'm just concentrating on getting Future Industries back on track. If we could hammer out a deal ...
Varrick:  Stop! Look me in the eye.
Varrick presses his head to Asami, who is initially unsure of what to do, but quickly adopts a determined look on her face. After several seconds of staring, Varrick suddenly breaks away and points his finger at the ceiling, as Asami falls back from her cushion.
Varrick: We got a deal!  We'll hammer out the details at the royal feast tonight.  Now, who wants a rocket boat ride?
Varrick's guests exclaim their approval before leaving the room.
Bolin: Is that how business usually goes?
Asami:  You are a natural assistant!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to an enormous hall made out of ice in which a large feast is going on. Korra, her parents, Unalaq, and his children are sat at the head table.
Korra: This is a wonderful feast in your honor, Uncle.
Unalaq: This is nothing. When this festival was founded, the tribal elders would commune with the spirits. People would watch the brilliant displays of light as spirits danced in the sky.
Korra: Wow, I've never seen that.
Unalaq: And that is a shame, since the Avatar is the bridge between the material world and the spirits. That is why I want so badly to teach you. To help you fulfill your destiny.
Tonraq: I thought I had made it clear that Tenzin is teaching her.
Unalaq: Every Avatar before you traveled the world to learn. It was Tenzin and your father who kept you secluded at the South Pole.
Korra: I thought Aang ordered the White Lotus to keep me down here?
Tonraq: We all did what we thought was best for you.
Korra:  Who I train with should be my decision, Dad, not yours or Tenzin's.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to across the room where Tenzin, Bumi, Kya, and Katara are sat at a table, having overhead the conversation at the head table.
Bumi: Looks like someone's trying to take your place as the Avatar's stick-in-the-mud mentor.
Kya: Bumi, don't pick on Tenzin. You know he's always been sensitive.
Tenzin:  I'm not sensitive!
Bumi and Kya laugh as Kya pokes him, while Katara watches on holding Rohan, a serious look on her face. At the head table, Unalaq stand up in order to give a speech.
Unalaq: As your chief, it is my honor to speak at this festival, which was founded to bring our tribes together and restore the ancient balance between our world and that of the spirits. But I am saddened to see what it has become: a cheap carnival that celebrates greedy and trivial humans.  I feel the time is fast approaching when the North can no longer stand idly by while our Southern brothers slip into total spiritual decay. Angry spirits are already attacking ships in your waters. I only hope we are not too late to change course.
He sits down, and Varrick stands up to give a speech of his own.
Varrick: Chief Unalaq everybody, always great to have him in town. Now, let's have some fun with Wacky Wushu's Dancing Otter penguins!
</scene>

<scene>
A man dressed in purple dances onto the stage, and bends a stream of water onto the platform. Three otter penguins slide along the water, before sliding back, stopping in front of Wushu. All four of them take a bow. Cut to a wide, overhead establishing shot of the festival later at night. Cut to Bolin, Mako, and Korra. Mako feeds Korra some cotton candy, which she greatly enjoys before feeding some to Mako, much to Bolin's annoyance, who is eating some balled food off a stick. Bolin turns his head away and his eyes widen. Cut to his perspective, showing Eska and Desna, who are standing beside each other alone, surveying the people walking past. Cut to a frontal shot of Eska and Desna before switching back to Bolin, Mako, and Korra. Clears throat, smirks, and nudges Mako with his elbow.
Bolin: Wish me luck.  I'm making my move!  Whee!
Mako: Good luck.
Korra: Those two have always creeped me out. They smell like a grandma's attic.
Bolin:  Hey, I'm Bolin. I'm a friend of Korra's! You're, uh, Eska right? Wow, I'm just, I am loving these robes.  So, you are from the north right? Cool, that's, like you know, that's my favorite direction.
Desna:  I think  he is trying to  establish some kind of bond with you based on your geographic point of origin. 
Eska:  Perhaps it would be interesting to spend time with a person whose ways are so rough and uncultured.  You amuse me.  I will make you mine.
Bolin:  You mean like a boyfriend, or like a slave ...?
Eska: Yes.  Win me prizes.
</scene>

<scene>
Bolin laughs nervously as Eska grabs him by his collar and guides him away, while Desna walks beside her. Cut to a carnival game where jets of water are hitting chibi Aang targets. As the water goes into his mouth, a bell ring, his eyes and arrow light up, and the Momo figure above his head starts to rise. Cut to a shot of Mako and Korra from behind, both holding a water squirt gun as they play the game. Mako, looking at his target, is hitting his mark, while Korra, who is looking sideways to Mako, misses.
Korra: Unalaq offered to train me. He says he can teach me about the spirits and my connection to them.
Mako: Sounds good. What does Tenzin think?
Korra: Tenzin thinks I'm his prisoner or one of his kids. I'll never finish training with him in charge.
</scene>

<scene>
Korra becomes irritated at the entire situation and angrily waterbends a big water stream out of her squirt gun, hitting the chibi Aang's figure's head full on and causing the the Momo cut out quickly reach the top of the meter, winning the carnival game. Cut to the carnival barker shouting through a megaphone.
Game guy: We have a winner!
Korra:  I mean, you heard what Unalaq said.  The South is spiritually unbalanced and it's the Avatar's job to fix it, but my dad won't even let me think about Unalaq teaching me. Well?
Mako: Well what?
Korra: What do you think I should do?
Mako: I guess you should do what you think is right. I support whatever decision you make.
Korra:  Oh thanks. That's a big help.
Mako: I thought you wanted me to be supportive? Now you want me to tell you what I think? Make up your mind!
She throws the stuffed Appa she won from the game at Mako and storms off.
Korra: Just forget it.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to later that night when everyone is asleep. Korra is sleeping against Naga, who awakens and runs outside.
Korra: Uh, Naga what are you doing?  Naga, hush!  Quiet, Naga, you'll wake everyone up! 
Bolin:  Uh, What's going on?
In the distance, Korra sees a dark entity speeding toward them.
Korra: What, is, that?
The spirit quickly makes its way toward the Avatar and attacks her, prompting Mako and Bolin to run toward them. The spirit pins Korra against a wall, and begins to lean in closely toward her, but it is distracted by Mako's and Bolin's attacks.
Bolin:  Got it!  Don't got it!
The spirit slams into the two brothers, knocking them down the hill. Tonraq and Tenzin rush to their aid, helping them up. Korra begins to attack at the entity with firebending, but the spirit is too fast and her attacks fail to hit. The spirit tries for a direct attack, but Korra manages to jump out of the way in time.
Tonraq:  Korra!
Tonraq using his bending to encase the spirit in ice. The spirit appears to have been contained, but several tendrils break through the top of the ice, grabbing both Tonraq and Korra, and throwing them into one of the huts and the ground respectively. The tendrils recede, and the ice explodes as the spirit breaks out completely.
Tenzin: Spirit, why are you angry with us? What have we done to offend you?
Tenzin's attempts to converse with the spirit have no success, and he is batted away by the entity. After Korra recovers, she enters the Avatar State, catching the attention of the spirit. The spirit makes its way toward Korra once more, who lifts herself into the air to dodge its attack, causing the entity to land in the festival market behind her. She shoots a number of fire blasts at the spirit from atop her air spout, but her attacks seem to have no effect, and the spirit grabs her with one of its tendrils, slamming her into a nearby stack of boxes. The spirit stands over Korra, intending to issue another blow, when a stream of water controlled by Unalaq starts to encircle it, and the spirit ceases its attack. As Unalaq continues to bend the water so that it encircles the entity entirely, the water starts to glow, and the spirit changes color. As the water falls to the ground, the spirit begins to walk away, before disappearing.
Unalaq: Go in peace.
Tenzin and Tonraq run over.
Tonraq: Korra!
Tenzin: Are you all right?
Korra:  How are you able to control that spirit when no one else could?
Unalaq: As your father could tell you, I have spent my life studying the spirits and learning their ways. All of this knowledge is lost in the South, but I could teach you everything I know.
Tenzin: Chief Unalaq, clearly you are very knowledgeable, but Korra still has much to learn about airbending. And I hope that going to the air temples will help her connect with the past Avatars.
Korra: Ugh
Unalaq:  The air temples will teach her nothing. Only I can give her the training she needs to be a complete Avatar.
Tonraq: I've told you that will not happen!
Korra: Hey! I'm right here! Anyone want to ask me what I think?
Tenzin: Korra, please listen.
Korra: I'm tired of listening to you. Both of you. You keep me locked up, telling me you know what's best. But both of you were powerless against the spirit attack.  I think it's time I had a new teacher.
Tonraq: Now Korra—
Korra: Unalaq has proven he's the only one who knows what I need to learn. I have to go with him.
Tenzin: Please, I know you're angry, but we've come so far together.
Korra: I'm sorry, Tenzin. This is as far as we go.
Tenzin:  It has been a pleasure serving you, Avatar Korra. 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the morning, Tenzin is loading Oogi, his wife and children already seated on the flying bison.
Katara: I think you forgot a couple of things. 
Tenzin: Mother, I think I need some time alone with my family right now. 
Katara: This is your family, Tenzin.  When you get to be my age, you'll be thankful for the time you had with your siblings. Besides, I think it's important that you all visit your father's home together.
Bumi:  Come on! It'll be fun.
Kya: I'm dying to see that laid back, Vacation Tenzin I've heard so much about.
Tenzin: All right, hop on! I love you, Mom.  We'll see you soon!
</scene>

<scene>
Bumi has trouble getting on Oogi, so Tenzin creates an air current under his brother to bring him up to the top of the bison. Cut to Mako and Korra, who are watching Tenzin's family leave on Oogi from farther back.
Korra: Do you think I did the right thing?
Mako:  I don't know. I'm sorry, but I'm not very good at this Avatar counseling thing. But I know your heart is in the right place. You'll just have to trust it. .
Unalaq: I know this was a hard decision, Korra, but it was the right one. Now it is time to put it behind you and begin your new training. I have great plans for you.
Fades to credits.
Main Asami Sato Bolin Bumi Korra Kya Mako Tenzin Tonraq Unalaq Antagonists A dark spirit: Minor Desna and Eska Engineer Ginger Greenhorn Ikki Jinora Katara Meelo Naga Old salt Pabu Rohan Senna Swami Varrick Zhu Li<scene>
Shiro Shinobi:  After a hundred and seventy years, there are new airbenders in the world and Bumi is one of them! So too is the mysterious Zaheer, who escaped from his prison thanks to his new ability. Now banished from Republic City, Korra made it her mission to find the new airbenders. Will she and Tenzin be able to bring back the Air Nation?
Shot opens with an airship preparing to land at Air Temple Island. Air Acolytes pull the airship in with ropes. Kya, Pema, Tenzin, Rohan, Jinora, Ikki, Meelo, Bolin, Bumi, and Korra all stand together, as the airship lands. The doors slide open and Asami is seen standing just inside the vehicle.
Asami: Did someone order a fully equipped Future Industries airship?
Korra: It's perfect! Thanks Asami.
Asami: I figured if we're going to Ba Sing Se to search for airbenders, we should do it in style.
Meelo: Yay, airship!
Ikki:  I wanna see!
Ikki scooters up the ramp of the airship.
Meelo: C'mon, Poki.
Poki climbs onto Meelo's head. Meelo makes an air scooter and follows Ikki up the ramp into the airship.
Kya: While you guys are gone, Pema and I will hold down the fort.
Kya picks up Rohan and bounces him gently up and down.
Kya:  Who's excited to spend some time with your Auntie Kya?
Rohan vomits on Kya's chest.
Kya:  Oh!
Pema: Aw, he likes you.
Kya waterbends the vomit off of herself. Mako enters, walking past the airship.
Korra: Mako, I'm so glad you're here.
Mako: Of course, Korra.  Avatar. Avatar Korra.  Once I received your message I proceeded to contact various locations within the Earth Kingdom as ordered by you, the Avatar.
Korra:  Right, the Avatar thanks you for your loyal service. Did you find any more leads?
Mako: There are reports of airbenders popping up all over the Earth Kingdom. I marked the villages on this map.  You guys can take it with you.
Korra: Actually, I was kind of hoping you could come, too.
Mako: Really? Uh, it's probably better if I sit this one out.
Korra: I know things have been weird between us since we broke up, but you're a part of Team Avatar, and we can't do this without you.
Mako: I'm sorry, I can't.
Pema:  I'll miss you, sweetie.
Tenzin: I'll miss you too. Once we find the airbenders, I'll send word. You can join us at the Northern Air Temple then.
Ikki and Meelo come down off the airship on their air scooters, visibly disgruntled with jealousy.
Ikki: Hey! How come Jinora gets to go with you but we don't? That's so not fair!
Meelo: Yeah! What this girl said! Not fair!
The adults look worriedly at each other.
Kya: Because if airbenders show up here, they're gonna need some guidance from the two of you. It's a very important job.
Ikki: Really? Me, a teacher?  Yay!
Meelo: Those maggots will bow to me!
Tenzin: Go easy on them, son.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Mako walking down the dock to go back to Republic City. Bolin runs behind him in an effort to catch up.
Bolin: Mako, wait a sec.
Mako:  Korra already asked, bro. I can't just leave Republic City. I have a life here, and a job.
Bolin: A life? You sleep under your desk. And what's a more important job than helping the Avatar rebuild an entire civilization?
Mako: It's not just that.  I feel like I've been drifting apart from everyone.
Bolin: Well, drift back, we need you! C'mon Mako, we're going to Ba Sing Se, where Dad grew up. What if I meet our grandma for the very first time, and she asks me  "Where's your sweet brother?" and I have to say "I'm sorry, Grandma, he had some really important police paperwork to file" and she starts to cry those grandma tears, and is like  "Mako! Why? Why? I can't go on, I ca--"  and then she dies.
Mako: Okay, all right,  I'll come with you. I guess I gotta call Beifong. She's not going to be happy.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the airship leaving Air Temple Island. Kya, Pema, Ikki, and Meelo all wave to their departing family members.
Meelo: Bye! We'll miss you!
</scene>

<scene>
Bumi, Asami, Korra, Tenzin, Jinora, Bolin, and Mako wave back through the green-tinted glass window of the airship. On deck, Naga puts her head over the railing and allows her tongue to hang out, as she feels the wind on her face. Oogi comes up next to her and does the same. Cut to the interior of the airship, where the group sit around a table with the map in the center of them.
Mako: As of now, these are the towns where we've gotten reports about airbenders. It looks like we can hit up most of them before we get to Ba Sing Se.
Korra: We're going to bring the Air Nation back from the brink of extinction after nearly two hundred years.
Tenzin: And it's all because of you, Korra.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a large boat made entirely of wood in the middle of a seemingly endless ocean. Two White Lotus sentries stand in the two guard towers built to watch over the single wooden cage on the main deck. Inside the cage is Ghazan, a man with long black hair and blue tattoos on his back and arms, and who is currently doing pull-ups using the wooden braces of his prison. A speed boat decorated with the White Lotus emblem and colors heads toward the wooden boat.
White Lotus sentry: Finally. Our shift change is here.
The two sentries make their way over to the stopped speed boat. To their surprise, there is only one White Lotus member in the vessel.
White Lotus sentry: Hey! Where are the other guards?
The White Lotus sentry in the speed boat looks up and shows his face.
White Lotus sentry:  Zaheer?!
Zaheer uses airbending to propel himself out of the speed boat over the White Lotus' firebending attack. He knocks the two sentries overboard with an airbending attack. As more sentries start coming out of the guard tower, Zaheer blasts two more overboard. A third sentry waterbends at Zaheer, who dodges out of the way and avoids a firebending blast as well. Ghazan tries to watch what is happening through the many wooden beams of his cage. Zaheer avoids another waterbending attack and jumps on top of Ghazan's cage. He jumps down and throws a handful of rocks into Ghazan's cage. Ghazan smiles. Zaheer knocks over another sentry and launches himself up onto the platform between the two guard towers. In his cage, Ghazan earthbends the rocks in a constant circle. He heats the rocks up to the point where they become lava and forms a five-pointed shuriken with it. Ghazan slices the wall of his prison using the lava and kicks a section of the wood out, knocking down one sentry. As Ghazan exits his prison, he knocks a sentry overboard. Zaheer and Ghazan clasp hands.
Zaheer: It's nice to see you again, Ghazan.
Ghazan: Thanks for busting me out. Where did you pick up the new skills?
Zaheer: I have Harmonic Convergence to thank for that. I was given a gift. I believe it's a sign that our path is a righteous one.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a rural village in the Earth Kingdom.
Townsman: Avatar Korra! Oh it's such an honor to have you come to our humble village.
Korra: Thanks.
Tenzin: I hate to get down to business, but is the airbender here now?
Townsman: Kuon and his family will be joining us shortly for a special dinner. Please, right this way.  Kuon has been the talk of the town ever since he's got airbending; he's like a local celebrity.
Tenzin: I just want to say it's an honor to meet a fellow airbender.
Kuon: Oh, I still think of myself as a simple farmer. Who can airbend!  Oh, I'm so sorry! I still don't have any control.
Bolin: No worries! I love pie. And so does Pabu. 
Tenzin: Well, you're so much more than just a farmer now. Harmonic Convergence changed everything. You represent the future of a culture that is being reborn. You're going to help us rebuild the Air Nation.
Kuon: I'm gonna do what now? The only thing I'm planning to rebuild is my barn.
Tenzin: But you must come with us to the Northern Air Temple.
Kuon: Well, I can't do that. I have a family and a farm.
Tenzin: Of course you can come. This is of the utmost importance. Your wife will understand.
Kuon's wife: Wait, what? No, I do not understand.
Kuon's daughter: Daddy, where are you going? Why does the bald man want to take you away?
Kuon's wife: No one's going to take Daddy away, sweetheart.
Korra: Actually, this bald man does want to take him, but it's for an important cause. Your dad is an airbender, and he should learn about his culture.
Kuon: I think there's been some sort of misunderstanding. I'm not going with you. I might be able to airbend, but I'm no Air Nomad, I'm no monk.
Townsman: Okay, maybe we should just have some dessert huh? Who's up for dessert?
Tenzin: Sir, you must understand, you're an airbender now, and there are thousands of years of culture you must learn about, skills you must master.
Kuon: You expect me to abandon my entire life? My family?  No! No sir, I'm not going anywhere with you and I think it's best that you leave.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the airship at night, followed by the interior where Team Avatar is having a meeting.
Korra: In my head, I saw that playing out very differently.
Asami: Maybe we should have stayed and tried harder to convince him to join us.
Bolin: Or we could have thrown him in a potato sack and forced him into the ship.
Bumi:  That's how they got me to join the United Forces.
Tenzin: No, we can't coerce people, or throw them in potato sacks. They must come freely. But not to worry, there are plenty of other airbenders out there who will be happy to come with us once they find out what the Air Nation is all about.
The next few shots are presented as a montage of Tenzin trying and failing to recruit the new airbenders: The airship is shown moving across a cartoon version of the world map to indicate the crew's journey, with all of the crew depicted as chibi heads of themselves. The chibis' faces start off looking happy but sport increasingly less happy expressions as Tenzin is repeatedly rejected.
Tenzin:  When your son becomes a master, he'll have tattoos all over his body, just like me.  There's nothing more nutritious than our vegetarian diet.  I can tell that you're going to love wearing our ancient airbender robes. They're very breathable.  You'll never have to worry about your worldly possessions again, because you won't have any.  You'll get to shave your head.  Your best friend will be a giant bison! 
By this point the chibi crew all look glum, with tears flowing from the eyes of Bolin and Bumi. The view zooms in on the chibi Bolin before fading to an image of the real Bolin, sitting in the airship's interior with the rest of the crew and looking depressed.
Tenzin: Ugh, I really thought I had that last guy. Who doesn't want a bison as their best friend?
Bumi: It's okay Tenzin, I still want to be an airbender.
Korra: Okay, we've tried it your way, and people just don't seem to be responding. It's time for a little tough love.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the next household where Ryu's mother opens the door, revealing Korra, Bolin and Mako waiting outside.
Ryu's mother: Oh, are you the Avatar? When my son got airbending, my husband and I were so happy. We thought this could open a lot of doors for him, maybe he could finally move out of the basement. 
Korra:  How old is he?
Ryu's mother: He's twenty-two, and you know, still just to figuring his life out.
Korra: Well, I have a great opportunity for him. We're looking for airbenders to join us at the Northern Air Temple.
Ryu's mother: Ah, that sounds wonderful! I'll get him.  Ryu! Get up here!
Team Avatar exchange thumbs up gestures with one another. Ryu enters the living room.
Korra:  Hi, I'm Korra.
Ryu: So you're like the Avatar or something. Big deal.
Korra: Uh, I just wanted to talk to you about an opportunity.
Ryu: Yeah, I heard you talking to my mom, and I'm not interested. 
Korra:  Well, you're gonna be interested.
Korra grabs Ryu by the collar, airbends a chair out from under a table, and throws Ryu into it.
Korra: You're an airbender now and you have a responsibility as a citizen of the world.
Ryu: Whatever. I didn't ask to become an airbender, you know.
Korra:  Well, I didn't ask to be the Avatar, but I am, and I'm fulfilling my duties.
Ryu: So? You don't have to.
Korra: Yes, I do have to.
Ryu: No, you don't.
Korra: Yes, I do!
Ryu: No, you don't.
Korra: Well,  if I didn't embrace my role, then our entire world could be thrown into chaos. Think about that! Is that what you want?
Ryu: Maybe.
Korra: No, it's not!
Ryu: So what? Who cares?
Korra: Everyone cares!
Ryu: I don't care.
Korra:  Yes, you do!
Ryu: No, I don't.
Korra: Well, you're about to care, you little slacker, because you're coming with me! 
Ryu: Stop pulling on my collar! You're stretching it out! Mom, are you just gonna let her take me?!
Ryu's mother: I think it's a great opportunity. Just try it for a week and see how it goes.
Ryu: No! Let me go!
Ryu releases a blast of airbending from his hands, propelling himself back into the house; Korra is left at the door, holding on to the two halves of his ripped jacket.
Korra: That's it!
Korra tries to walk back into the house but Mako and Bolin each grab her by the arm and start to pull her away. Korra struggles.
Mako: Korra, enough! Let's get out of here!
Bolin: So nice to meet you! Good luck with your son!
</scene>

<scene>
Ryu's mother shoves Ryu. Cut to a prison somewhere, littered with White Lotus sentries. Camera pans down to show several levels of catwalk around the inner edges of a large octagonal building. The structure is positioned above a vast pit of lava. A single cage suspended with wires rests in the center of the building, floating high above the bubbling lava below. The small cage is braced with metal bars and holds Ming-Hua, a woman with long, black hair and no arms.
White Lotus sentry #1: We're under attack!
White Lotus sentry #2: Look out!
Ming-Hua looks up in interest and sees a large blast of fire from one of the White Lotus. Two sentries are thrown off of their platforms with blasts of airbending. Up on the platform, Ghazan throws a barrel out over the cage. Zaheer, dressed as a White Lotus member, slices the barrel open with airbending and water gushes out. Ming-Hua spins and waterbends the falling water into a pair of tentacle-like arms, occupying the space where her nonexistent arms would normally be. She knocks open the door of her cage and begins to climb. She launches herself up to a platform and throws a White Lotus member off. Ming-Hua dodges a fire blast and propels herself to a higher platform using her "arms". She lands on the second-to-highest platform and freezes the end of her water arm into an angled piece of ice and uses it to hook the neck of a White Lotus and hurl him off of the platform. She simultaneously grabs another White Lotus member and slams him hard on the metal platform. Zaheer and Ghazan run up behind her.
Ming-Hua: I never thought I'd be so happy to see your ugly mugs again.
Ghazan: Great to see you too, Ming-Hua.
Ming-Hua:  I'm flattered. You busted me out before that girlfriend of yours.
Zaheer: We're getting her next.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a room with a large table surrounded by filled chairs. In the chairs are Korra, Tenzin, Bumi, Bolin, Asami, and Mako. All of them look very disheartened.
Tenzin:  Well, I guess we should just go to Ba Sing Se and try our luck there.
Korra: I don't know what to do. I just thought more people would be excited about coming with us.
Bumi: Well, maybe you gotta do more to get them excited. You need to add a little razzle-dazzle.
Bolin: Yeah, razzle-dazzle! We could put on some sort of airbending street performance!
Bumi: I was gonna say we could cover Tenzin's robe in sequins, but that's even better!
Korra: It sounds ridiculous, but it might work.
Tenzin: I'm willing to try anything at this point.
Bolin: Yes! That is the kind of enthusiasm I like to hear!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the airship flying close over an Earth Kingdom town, made up of sandy-colored rock. A small crowd has gathered to watch the airship.
Bolin:  Come one, come all to witness The Amazing Airbenders! The airbending show that will leave you breathless ... with wind! First up, the tattooed master himself, you know him as the son of Avatar Aang, he shaves every hair on his head, every single day!  It's the one, the only guy with an arrow pointing to his nose, Tenzin!
Tenzin airbends a large wheel and drives it around in front of the awed crowd. The crowd begins to cheer as Tenzin stops in the middle of the half-circle created by the audience and throws his hands up in the air.
Bolin: Now, now, ladies and gentleman, ladies and gentleman, please be quiet. I have some serious news. We've heard that an escaped firebending convict has been spotted near here.  Now, I don't want to panic anyone, but if you see a firebender with a red scarf-
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Mako standing in the crowd with his arms folded. At his cue, Mako straightens up and begins to walk out of the crowd.
Crowd member: I see him! He's right there!
Mako:  I am the escaped convict, and you will all reap my fire.
Mako pauses before letting out a small blast of fire from his fist into the air. The whole crowd gasps.
Bolin:  Oh no! Who will help us?
Korra: I will. With my airbending skills!
Korra catches Mako in an airbent tornado. She lets him go and he falls, but she catches him with another airbending blast and brings him up in another tornado.
Mako:  Ah! Hey! Let me go! This is not what we rehearsed! Korra!
Korra laughs and turns to Asami, who also starts to chuckle. Oogi soars through the air and does a barrel roll.
Bolin: With the power of airbending, even this beast can float!  Like a feather.  Look what can be done in only a few short weeks of practice!
Jinora flies over the crowd on her glider. The whole crowd frightfully gasps.
Bolin: No no, don't worry folks. She might be young, but she is in full control!
Jinora softly lands on the peak of a tall fountain. The entire crowd begins to cheer.
Bolin: Ladies and gentlemen, if you, or anyone you know is an airbender, please, send them our way! Master Tenzin and Avatar Korra would love to teach them all they know!
Korra shrugs and smiles at Tenzin. The crowd begins to disperse. A young boy, Kai, runs up to the group.
Kai: Hey! Hello. If you're looking for airbenders, you just found one.
Kai proceeds to demonstrate his airbending abilities.
Kai: I wanna join you guys.
The group becomes excited.
Bolin: Get outta town!
Korra: We got our first recruit.  Just to be totally clear, we're going to be heading to Ba Sing Se, then the Northern Air Temple to live as nomads and rebuild the Air Nation. All that sound good to you?
Kai: Yeah, Ba Sing Se, rebuild the temple, Air Nomad what-do-you-do, I'm in. Let's go right now.
Bolin:  This is going to be so great!  You going to love it, er ... ah ... real quick, what's your name?
Kai: Kai. So when do we hit the road?
Tenzin: Hang on a second Kai, where are your parents? We can't have you come with us without their permission.
Kai:  My parents are ... gone. 
Bolin: You're an orphan?
Kai: It happened about a year ago. My home town was raided by outlaws, but my parents fought back against them. I was so scared, but they told me not to worry they would protect me, and they did. My parents saved me and the entire village, but they died in the fight. Mum and pap meant everything to me, they're were my whole life.  Ever since then, I've been on the run. Those same outlaws are still after me.
Bolin: Well, you don't have to be on the run anymore,  right guys? Tell him.
Tenzin: I'm so sorry about your parents. I know we could never replace them ...  but we are here for you.
Korra: We'll keep you safe, come on.
Bolin:  When you board this airship, you're going to leave your old life behind and start a new path. That's big brother advice. Just think of me as your big brother. 
After everyone boards the airship, Mako stops and walks away from the group. He stares out a window and sees a group of motorcyclists in official-looking uniforms pulling to a stop outside their airship.
Mako: Guys! I think we got trouble.
The whole group turns around, the lead motorcyclist gets off his motorcycle and takes his helmet off. He walks up to the airship and takes his glasses off.
Earth Kingdom sheriff: Release the boy, or we'll take him by force.
The sheriff clenches his fist as his deputies each earthbend a rock from the ground and get into a fighting stance.
Kai: The outlaws! They're here ... Uh, let's get out of here. 
Korra:  We are not running away from anyone.
The airship door opens to reveal Korra standing at the top.
Korra:  If you want Kai, you'll have to go through me!
The deputies launch their rocks at Korra, who jumps out of the airship's door and destroys the rocks with airbending, before rolling on the ground and airbending at the deputies, knocking them all over. The sheriff soon gets back up and earthbends at Korra, who dodges the attack and knocks down the sheriff with her own earthbending move.
Korra: Your days of harassing an innocent boy is over. You outlaws are going to prison.
Earth Kingdom sheriff: Outlaws? Innocent boy? I'm a sheriff  and these are my deputies, and this kid is a thief.  Whatever he told you was a lie, we've been chasing him for months.
Korra: Where's Kai?
</scene>

<scene>
Korra turns around, failing to see Kai or Mako among the group. The camera pans to the left to reveal Mako walking toward her, holding Kai with one hand and a sack with the other.
Mako: Right here, I found him slipping away.
Kai: I was just going to the bathroom.
Mako: With your stash of gold?
Mako throws the sack toward the sheriff. When it hits the ground, jewelry and gold spill out.
Kai: I told you, I found this on the road.
Mako: Enough with the lies kid. I want the truth.
Earth Kingdom sheriff: The truth is, he's the outlaw. He spent an entire life in an orphanage, got adopted by a real nice family six months ago, and how did he repay them? By taking their entire life savings. We've been after him ever since.
Korra: Is that true?
Kai: The person who stole that stuff was the old me. Once I got airbending, I changed. I don't know how to explain it, but I feel like airbending choose me for a reason , like I'm a new person. I'm sorry! Please, you have to listen to me.
The sheriff and his deputies start to take him away, along with the sack of gold.
Bolin: Are, are you taking him back to the orphanage?
Earth Kingdom sheriff: No, he's headed to jail.
Korra: Wait! You've got the family's life savings, now let us take Kai.
Tenzin: Do you really want our first member of the Air Nation to be a liar and a thief?
Korra: He just needs some guidance, Tenzin. Who better to give it to him than us?
Earth Kingdom sheriff: Do you want this boy or not?
Tenzin:  Yes, you can release the boy into our custody.
The sheriff's deputies let go of the Kai's hands. He smiles and runs to hug Korra.
Kai: Thank you!
Korra: Don't make me regret it.
Bolin and Jinora approach him; she smiles toward him and Bolin hugs Korra and Kai.
Bolin: Welcome to the family, little bro.
</scene>

<scene>
Jinora hugs Bolin, Korra, and Kai. Bumi goes and hugs Tenzin, much to his annoyance. The sheriff and his deputies drive away from the scene. As the group goes back onto the airship, Mako stops Kai, turns his head around to better look at his face, and bends down.
Mako: I just want you to know that I'm going to be watching you, kid. I know exactly what you're all about, 'cause I've been there. You don't have me fooled.
Mako stands up and moves back from Kai, who in turn backs away from Mako.
Kai: Woah! Hey, lighten up.  I'm turning over a new leaf, making a change.  Don't you worry about me.
Jinora: Hi, I'm Jinora.  If you need any help with airbending, I could show you what I know.
Kai: Thanks, that's real nice of you. 
Tenzin:  Jinora, we're leaving now. 
</scene>

<scene>
The scene zooms out and shows the whole Future Industries airship before shifting to Ming Hua's prison: a desert terrain, which has a fence and volcano nearby. The camera zooms into the prison and shows Ming Hua's empty cell, before going up to show a White Lotus sentry and an elderly Zuko standing on the higher tier of the prison.
White Lotus sentry: They came out of nowhere.  I'm so sorry, Lord Zuko.
Zuko: How could you let this happen?
White Lotus sentry: They caught us by surprise, and Zaheer is an airbender now.
Zuko:  No! This can't be.  Do you have any idea the power these criminals possess? Individually, they can take down any bender.  Put them all together, they could take down the entire world. And now you're telling me that their leader is an airbender?
White Lotus sentry: We can track them.
Zuko: We don't need to track them, I know exactly where they're going.  Notify the new chiefs of the Northern Water Tribe that an attack on their prison is imminent,  and send word to Lin Beifong in Republic City. The Avatar must be protected.
Zuko's dragon lowers its neck and Zuko gets on it.
White Lotus sentry: Where are you going?
Zuko:  To stop them.
Druk roars and flies off into the distance.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to credits.
Main Asami Sato Bolin Bumi Kai Korra Mako Tenzin Antagonists Ming-Hua Ghazan Zaheer: Minor Ikki Kuon Kya Meelo Pema Rohan Ryu Ryu's mother White Lotus sentries Zuko<scene>
Shiro Shinobi:  Avatar Korra is back, and yours truly, Shiro Shinobi, couldn't be more thrilled! It's been my honor to bring you news of Korra and her friends over the years; so many heart-pounding moments! Who can forget Amon and his Equalist revolution? I still have nightmares! Then there was the time I covered the Nuktuk mover premiere! Boy, was that fun! But enough about me. Sit back, relax, and take a trip down memory lane!
As the title card fades, the shot shows a slow zoom on the Sato estate before cutting to its interior, specifically the pool room. In a small room which opens onto the pool itself stand Wu and Mako, dressed in training gear.
Wu: You know, there's something about being kidnapped that makes a guy realize he needs to get his act together.
Mako: Yeah, I agree. Let's toughen you up.
Wu raises his hands in a defensive manner as Mako moves in closer; he throws a punch, which hits the prince in the chest. He falls to the ground immediately.
Wu:  Daaah, I wasn't ready!  Wu down!
As Mako looks down at Wu, a shocked gasp from behind him causes him to turn his head; Yin and Tu stand behind him, appraising the situation.
Yin: What's going on?  Mako, how dare you injure the prince! Would his royal highness like a cherry-berry lemonade?
Wu: And maybe some of those sticky dumplings, too?
Mako:  Look at you! You're so weak, "Wu down" is your catchphrase.
Wu: I know, I'm a wimp. But it's not my fault, I was born that way! I'm not like you Mako, I wasn't raised by a pack of cops in the woods.
Mako:  You don't know anything about me, do you?
Wu:  Yeah, I'm drawing a blank. Why is that? How do I not know stuff about you?
Mako: Uhh ... you never asked?
Wu: Well, I'm asking now!  What's your favorite food? What's your favorite color? Is there a special lady in your life?
Mako: Not since Korra and I broke up.
Wu:  What? You dated the Avatar?  Sit!  You and I need to have a little gab session right now!  How'd you guys first meet?
</scene>

<scene>
As Mako tells his story, the scenes change to the events to which he refers. As people, including Mako, interrupt the tale, white circles containing the head of the speaker appear in the corners of the scene, stylized in a chibi-like fashion. This format is consistently adhered to throughout the episode. At this point, the scene fades to Bolin and Mako, competing in the Pro-bending Arena in the past.
Mako: Bolin and I were playing for the Fire Ferrets.
Wu:  You were a pro-bender?
Mako:  Yes. Will you just let me tell the story?
Wu:  Carry on.
Their heads disappear and Mako promptly continues.
Mako: Bolin and I grew up dirt poor, so once I became a pro-bender, I wanted it all: Riches; fame; accolades. But all that changed when I met Korra.
</scene>

<scene>
With a flash, the scene transitions into the flashback where Bolin introduces Korra to Mako.
Bolin: Come on, I want you to meet my brother, Mako.
Korra: Mako? Wow, I-I heard you play on the radio!
Mako: Come on, Bolin, we're up.
Wu:  Whoa! That was the first time you met? Kind of rude there, buddy!
Mako:  You know what else is rude? Interrupting.  Korra proved to be an amazing pro-bender  and a loyal friend. She helped me save Bolin when he was taken by the Equalists.  After going through such a crazy experience, I felt like Korra and I had a powerful connection.
Wu:  So then you smooched her real good, eh?
Mako:  Not exactly.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Mako running across the street into the path of Asami's moped.
Mako: Ahhhh!
She hits him, throwing him backward. As he lands in a heap in the street, Asami dismounts and rushes over to him.
Asami Sato: Oh no! I'm so sorry, I didn't see you!
Mako: How could you not see me? I mean I was ju-juuuu  I was, I-I, wow.  That was ... 
Wu:  Wait. That was the first thing you said to Asami? You really gotta work on your introductions.
Mako:  Hey. When you got charm like mine, you don't need introductions.
The heads disappear as the shot flash-transitions to Mako and Asami at dinner.
Mako: Hanging out with Asami was awesome. But it made things with Korra  complicated.
Korra: So, I was thinking we should spend some time together.  Look, I really like you and I think we were meant for each other. 
Mako: Korra, I'm really sorry, but I just don't feel the same way about you. 
Wu: That's harsh, Mako.
Mako: I know.  And the worst part about it is, it wasn't totally true.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the balcony, where Mako walks up behind Korra.
Mako: We need to talk.
Korra: Save your breath. You've already made it clear how you feel about me.
Mako: No, I haven't. What I'm trying to say is, as much as you drive me crazy, I also think you're pretty amazing. 
Wu:  Hot dog! Smooch City, here we come. You player.
Tu:  Whoa. I thought you were dating Asami.
Mako:  Tu! Get out of here!
Yin:  Naughty Mako! You take after your grandfather!
Mako: Guys, Grandma, everything wasn't so cut and dry. I wasn't dating Asami.
Tu:  Denial.
Mako:  Okaaay, maybe I was dating her; it was all very confusing.
</scene>

<scene>
The frame reanimates, the heads disappear, and the scene flash-cuts to a semi-conscious Korra being helped off Naga's back by Mako, he takes her in his arms.
Mako: But my feelings for Korra became clear when Tarrlok captured her. It felt like a piece of me was gone.
Mako:  I was so worried. Are you all right?
Korra: I'm fine. I'm glad you're here.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Asami, who looks dismayed.
Wu: Hoo! I bet Asami wasn't too happy about that. 
Asami: I've noticed how you treat Korra, how you acted when she was missing. You have feelings for her, don't you?
Mako: Things are crazy right now. Can we deal with our relationship problems later?
Asami: Well, there might not be a relationship to worry about later.
Mako:  Asami!
As he puts his head down and sighs, the frame freezes again.
Wu:  Ouch!
Mako:  Yep. Turns out, she was right. It was time to man up and call it quits.
</scene>

<scene>
The scene flash-cuts to Asami and Mako standing in the sewer; Asami faces away from him.
Mako: Asami. I'm sorry things got so messed up between us. But whatever happens today, I want you to know how much I care about you.
Asami: I care about you, too.
She kisses him on the cheek and the frame again freezes abruptly.
Wu:  Wait. Was that supposed to be you breaking up with her?
Mako:  Yes. That was a breakup.
Tu:  Didn't sound like a breakup.
Mako:  It was mutual. We had an understanding!  We both knew—  Can I just get on with the rest of my story or what?
Wu: Fine.  But I hope you weren't as ambiguous with Korra as you were with Asami.
Mako: Trust me, I wasn't.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the South Pole after Amon's defeat; Mako catches up to Korra as she walks away from the healing house without her bending.
Mako: Korra and I ended up stopping Amon together and after that, I was finally able to tell her how I felt. Exactly how I felt.
Mako: I love you, Korra.
</scene>

<scene>
Flash-cut to Korra as she leaves the Avatar State, finding Mako standing behind her. She runs to him and they embrace.
Korra: I love you, too.
They kiss and the frame freezes. Yin and Mako both pop up at the same time.
Yin:  Awww. And then you two lived happily ever after?
Mako:  Ummmm ...
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Korra and Mako, alone on the ship, as the heads vanish.
Mako: Tenzin's just trying to help you become the best Avatar you can be.
Korra: Of course you take his side.
Mako: I'm not taking his side.
</scene>

<scene>
Flash-cut to the two on Naga's back, traveling toward the spirit portal.
Korra: You know, sometimes I wonder whose side you're on.
Mako: There aren't any sides!
</scene>

<scene>
Flash-cut to Mako and Bolin's apartment.
Korra: How could you take his side?
Mako: What's with you and sides?
</scene>

<scene>
Flash-cut to a few moments later.
Korra:  Well, excuse me, officer! Don't let me stand in the way of you writing tickets! I'm just trying to save the world!
</scene>

<scene>
Flash-cut to the police station.
Mako: Well, I guess if we're both putting our jobs first, maybe there's no room for our relationship!
Korra: So, what? Are you ... breaking up with me?
Mako: Yeah ... I guess I am.
As Korra kicks Mako's desk with airbending, the shot freezes and Wu pops in.
Wu:  Now that's a breakup!
</scene>

<scene>
Flash-cut to the ship being attacked by bombs.
Mako: After that, I dove into my work. Someone had been taking out supply ships heading to the Southern Water Tribe.  Asami's company was one of the victims, so she and I worked together to catch the perps.  The stakeout was the perfect way to get my mind off Korra. It was an intense night.  Asami and I discovered the triads had double-crossed us. We barely got away, but by then, Asami's warehouse had been cleared out.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the city and the warehouse, empty but for Asami and Mako.
Asami: My company ... it's over ... I give up.
Mako: Well ... I'm not giving up on you.
They look into each other's eyes before she kisses him. The frame freezes, Mako and Wu popping up at the same time.
Mako:  I know, I know, don't tell me ... I had no right kissing Asami.
Wu:  No, actually, I'm completely fine with that. You officially broke up with Korra and therefore, you're free to smooch whoever you wish.
Mako:  If only it had been that simple.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the prison after Mako's release. As Asami looks at him, Korra suddenly runs to him, embracing and kissing him, to his shock.
Korra: Mako, I missed you so much!
Mako seems to miss the disparaging look Asami is giving him.
Mako: Korra ... hey, I-I missed you, too.  So you're not still mad at me? We had that fight before you left, remember?
Korra: Not really. I got attacked by a dark spirit and I lost my memory for a little while. Maybe it hasn't all come back yet. Was it a bad fight?
Mako: Ahhhhh ...  Hmmmm, no. No. It-it wasn't that bad.
Freeze frame as Mako and Wu pop up again.
Wu:  Whoa, whoa, whoa! So you were back with Asami, but then Korra came back and thought you guys were still together and you didn't tell her you weren't?
Yin:  Just like your grandfather.
Mako:  Well, me and Asami were never officially back together.
Tu:  Really? That again? You know, it seems like you're so afraid to disappoint anyone that you end up disappointing everyone.
Wu:  Truer words have never been spoken.  High-five! 
Mako: Well, eventually, I did tell Korra. But by then, she already knew.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the palace in the Southern Water Tribe after Unalaq's defeat.
Korra: Why didn't you just tell me the truth in the first place?
Mako: I know I should have, but ... I didn't want to hurt you all over again. I guess part of me wanted to forget about the breakup, too.
Korra: I think we both know that this ... us ... doesn't work.
Mako: You're right.
Korra: It's ... over. For real this time.
</scene>

<scene>
Mako nods and the scene flash-cuts to a wide shot of the palace, panning up to the spirits in the sky.
Mako: After Harmonic Convergence, the world changed. Team Avatar traveled around, searching for new airbenders. At first, it was awkward being around Korra and Asami.
</scene>

<scene>
The scene flash-cuts again, this time to Mako standing in front of Korra and Asami in the square.
Mako:  As you were.  Ladies.
</scene>

<scene>
He turns, still holding his salute, and walks away, leaving them to glance wonderingly at each other. The scene cuts to Korra talking to Mako near the airship, trying to convince him to go with them. He turns and walks away from her.
Mako: But then I realized I had to figure out who I was without a lady in my life.
Wu: I know what that's like.
</scene>

<scene>
The scene flash-cuts back to the Sato estate and the room by the pool. Wu stretches before elaborating.
Wu: I mean, to need distance from women.  Because I have so many, all over me, all the time.
Mako:  Anyway,  I eventually helped Korra defeat Zaheer and save the airbenders.  And we did it as friends. Korra showed me the importance of putting others before myself  and whenever I think of her, she continues to inspire me.
</scene>

<scene>
Flash-cut to the pool room. Wu stands up.
Wu: Wow! That story is amazing and I really learned something!
Mako: You did? Good. 
Wu: Yeah! I learned that I really didn't know anything about you! Crazy!  Also, I realized that ladies are complicated. No offense, Grandma.
Yin: None taken.
Wu: I better just focus on being a better king.  Okay, come at me. I can take it.
Mako's first punch knocks Wu to the ground again.
Wu: Aahhhhh! Wu down!
As Mako stares at the prince, Yin, upset, slaps his arm harshly.
Fade to Air Temple Island, where Korra is staring out over the sea at sunset in the meditation pavilion. Asami walks up to her.
Asami: I brought you some tea.  I thought you might be cold out here.
Korra: You're so sweet.  Thanks. 
Asami: Are you okay? You seem out of sorts.
Korra: Sorry. I've just been thinking about something Toph said. She told me that the world doesn't need me and it's basically pointless to try and stop Kuvira.
Asami: That's ridiculous.
Korra: At the time, I thought so, too. I figured she was just being her normal, cranky self. But I'm beginning to think she had a point.
Asami: No, she doesn't. The world does need you. You're the Avatar.
Korra: But no matter what I do, the world seems to always be out of balance!  Growing up, I couldn't wait to be the Avatar. I thought I was really gonna change things. I was so naive.  The first time I saw Amon take someone's bending away, I was terrified.
Amon: Your firebending is gone! Forever.
Korra:  Then my worst nightmare came true.
Mako: Korra!
Korra:  No!
Amon proceeds to take her bending away and she falls over.
Amon: I told you I would destroy you.
Asami:  Korra, you're forgetting about all the good that happened after you exposed Amon as the fraud he was. The Equalist Movement lost its leader and its power.  Free elections were held in the United Republic and nonbenders finally had a voice.  People had hope again and it was all because of you.
Korra: And I was hopeful, too. That feeling didn't last long.  As soon as I defeated Amon, a new enemy took his place.  I can't believe I trusted you. You made me think you wanted to restore balance with the spirits, but this, this isn't balance, it's madness! Now let her go!
Unalaq: If you want your friend to make it out of the Spirit World, you'll open the other portal now.
Korra:  Because of Unalaq, I betrayed Tenzin, opened the portals, and threw the Spirit and human worlds into chaos.  It was my fault he fused with Vaatu and became a Dark Avatar.  And I was helpless to stop him from destroying Raava and cutting off my connection to my past lives.  With Raava gone, Unalaq and Vaatu became more powerful than ever. 
Asami:  But you became more powerful, too. I mean ... you turned into a giant spirit.
Korra: Yeah ... that was pretty awesome.
Asami:  And opening the spirit portals turned out to be a good thing.  You brought back the airbenders and caused a positive shift in the world.
Korra: Yes,  but Zaheer got airbending too and nearly killed me.  If it weren't for Zaheer,  the Earth Queen would still be alive. There would have been no crisis in the Earth Kingdom  and Kuvira wouldn't be in power.  Things are more out of balance than ever now. Nothing's changed!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut back to real time, showing that Tenzin has walked up to the two girls.
Tenzin: You're right, Korra.
Korra: I am?
Asami: She is?
Tenzin: It's true, there will always be new conflicts and enemies to face. But the important thing is to learn from your enemies and better yourself over time, which you have.  You've changed so much since you first arrived on Air Temple Island. When you first came here, you were hot-headed and a bit selfish.  But you've matured into a thoughtful young woman who puts the needs of others before herself.  The new Air Nation is a testament to that. You sacrificed everything to save them. You're an inspiration to the world.
Korra:  Thank you both. I know this Kuvira problem is only going to get worse. But no matter what happens, no matter how crazy things get, I'll always try to restore balance. 
Baraz:  And that's when I made a solemn vow never to eat bark-onion soup again.  Been six years, four months and fourteen days ...  Urgh!  I can still taste it. 
Bolin:  Does anyone else feel like throwing themselves overboard?
Varrick:  Not me!  I've spent the last few hours tuning out all these incredibly boring stories ...
Baraz:  Hey!
Varrick:  All the while  mentally composing the most exciting tale  ever told, soon to become the greatest  mover  ever made!  I present to you now:  Bolin,  as Nuktuk, Hero of the South—  Trademark Varrimovers International—  in  the incredible true story of Bolin! Hero of the world!
Bolin:  Wait, am I playing Nuktuk, or is Nuktuk playing me?
Varrick:  Both. It's your true story, but we'll capitalize on the  audience of the Nuktuk franchise.  Duh!
Bolin:  How can you call me "the hero of the world"?  I left my friends and family to join up with a psychotic dictator who imprisoned me and now,  I'm running back home with my tail between my legs.
Varrick: Nyahbabababab! You're emphasizing the wrong story beads. Let me tell it. The story of Bolin begins in an exotic port of call.  A wise sage, the richest merchant in the world, and a handsome devil all  sit on a single pillow in the living room of a luxury yacht! How do they all fit on one pillow?
Bolin:  Ooh! Giant pillow!
Varrick: Wrong! They're all the same man! Me!  I try to teach a swami the power of levitation, but he's too stupid  to understand it, so I kick him out.  "Upon whom can I bestow my awesome knowledge?" I ask myself. Then, in walks Nuktuk, with a twinkle in his eye, a gorgeous dame on his arm, and a song on his lips. He bursts into a rapturous melody!  "Where can I find my teacher?" 
Bolin: Oh, come on! I wasn't singing, you were not levitating, and Asami is just a friend, thank you very much.  If you want to tell my true story, you should start from when I met Korra. She came to the bending arena, one fateful night ...
Flashback to the events of "A Leaf in the Wind", as Bolin, meeting Korra for the first time, shows her the pro-bending arena.
Korra: This place is even more amazing than I imagined!
Bolin: Name's Bolin, by the way.
Korra: Korra. 
Baraz:  Bo-ring!  When does the singing start?
Bolin:  There wasn't any singing!
All the refugees break into a chorus of boos at the same time, some even giving Bolin a thumbs-down sign much to his surprise.
Varrick: You're on-screen talent, kid. Leave the storytelling to the masters.  So, the trouble begins when the Avatar is trapped in the Spirit World. The world's most evil villains realize that with Korra out of the way, the time is right to try to take out Bolin.  So, the worst of the worst team up. They're led by ... Zaheer, leader of the Red Lotus and master of the skies, a flying chaotic chaos machine!  He's joined by ... Vaatu, the ultimate force of pure spirit evil in the universe. The biggest, meanest, scariest kite that ever flew! 
Bolin:  Wait! Zaheer didn't team up with Vaatu. How would that even happen?
Varrick:  How do you think?
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a shot of the Tree of Time; in the background, the ringing of a telephone can be heard. The shot cuts to Vaatu, imprisoned within the tree. He holds the mouth- and earpieces of a candlestick telephone up to the places where his mouth and ears should be.
Vaatu: Hello?
Zaheer: Hey. It's Zaheer.
Vaatu: Oh. Hey, Zaheer.
The shot splits into halves as a separate shot of Zaheer, speaking on the other end of the line from the communication room at the Northern Air Temple from "Enter the Void", expands to occupy the right half of the screen.
Zaheer:  Glad I caught you at home. 
Vaatu:  Uh-huh. Very funny. Like I can leave this stupid tree.
Zaheer: Hold on, let me conference in—
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a level view of the stage as Amon emerges from a trapdoor in the stage with a line of Equalists behind him under loud approving cheers of the crowd. A spotlight is turned on, illuminating the Equalist leader, and the camera zooms in to a close-up.
Varrick: Amon! The reanimated  zombie body  of the bloodbending leader of the Equalists! 
Amon:  Hey, guys, I'm totally in for taking out Bolin. He's way too powerful and awesome. But can we please not include—
A shot of Unalaq, as Varrick portrayed him in the black and white mover, slides into the frame from the left.
Unalaq: Not include who, Amon?
Varrick:  The evil Unalaq. The diabolical but incredibly boring and unpopular sorcerer from the north, who's listening in on the other line!
Unalaq:  I've spent my life trying to defeat Nuktuk, I mean, Bolin, and I know just where to find him: With all the beautiful ladies!
</scene>

<scene>
Scene cuts to a montage of Bolin being kissed by Ginger in "Night of a Thousand Stars" and by Eska in "Darkness Falls".
Varrick: Yes, Bolin had a reputation as the world's greatest ladies' man.
Bolin: Oooh, now the story's getting interesting.
Varrick: After leaving the beautiful but emotionally unstable Water Tribe princess at the altar,  he met a fetching airbender, the heir to a vast Earth Kingdom fortune! 
Bolin:  Opal, so smart and caring, so pretty to smell,  and she'll probably never talk to me again because I'm so stupid! Stupid! So, so, so  stupid. 
Varrick:  Pull it together, you leaky lug.  But the darkest moment is always right before the dawn! For at his lowest point, Bolin sought advice from the man who started it all, the wisest of the wise—Me!—for some of my signature sage advice!  Nuktuk, I mean, Bolin, there's only one thing for you to do if you want to save the Avatar and defeat the "Fearsome Foursome"  —I'm not really sure if I like "Fearsome", I mean, "Evil Squared" might be better. Whatever— You have to assemble the fighting-est airbender army of all time! But it turns out the airbender recruits are a sorry lot,  so Bolin brings them to a secret mountaintop training facility, where he teaches them the ancient art of dodging fruit and balancing on sticks! Meanwhile, back with Zombie Amon ...
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the conference call; Unalaq's image has vanished from the frame, leaving just Amon, Vaatu, and Zaheer.
Amon: Okay, guys, I think we finally ditched him.
Unalaq:  Haha, very funny, I'm still on the line. So, about that evil plan to destroy Nuktuk.
One by one, Zaheer, Vaatu, and Amon all slide out of the frame to the right, leaving Unalaq by himself in the frame.
Unalaq:  Hello? Anyone there?  Guys!
</scene>

<scene>
The off-hook tone sounds from Unalaq's phone. Cut to a scene from "The Metal Clan", in which Bolin is trying to flirt with Opal.
Varrick: And with danger closing in, Opal realizes how much she loves Bolin and forgives him for whatever stuff he was talking about earlier, which will probably not be in the final cut of the mover anyway.
Bolin:  She does?
All refugees: Awww!
Varrick: And she kisses Bolin, magically passing on the airbender power of flight!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut back to the boat, where Varrick stands posing as if he is a bird, his hand on his head to imitate plumage and his lips pursed in the kiss he mentioned.
Bolin: Okay, that part seems a little unbelievable.
Varrick:  This is no time for thinking, kid! We're heading into the big finale!  Bolin gathers his airbender army to fight alongside Rotan and Juji against the Terror Square!  Maybe that's the name of the bad guys, "Terror Square"!  What about "Legion of Darkness"? Well, we'll put a focus group on it.  Bolin teaches the airbenders to create a giant tornado.  Then he flies around in the sky,  pushes Zaheer into it,  turning him into wind, forever! But Bolin doesn't realize that the Universal Interplanetary Combination Zero-Hour—talk about a ticking clock—is almost upon him!  And when Juji shoots his laser eyes at the evil Unalaq,  the beams accidentally fly into the magic spirit doorway!  They bounce off Vaatu, setting him free,  and hit Bolin, turning him into a giant!  But when Vaatu is set free, the evil Unalaq, who has always been an annoyingly clingy person, is so close to Vaatu that they combine into one horrifying monster!  Giant Bolin and the evil UnaVaatu fight toe-to-toe, zapping each other with their laser beams as they stomp around Republic City!  It looks like the evil UnaVaatu might win!  But thankfully, Bolin's spiritual mojo is so strong that he attracts the queen of the fairies!  With her help, Bolin turns UnaVaatu into magic dust and sprays him into the sky.  And that's where the stars come from.  Oh yeah, and he turns into a dragon and he goes into the Spirit World and he saves the Avatar.  The end!
</scene>

<scene>
Flash-cut back to the boat as Varrick finishes his tale. After a moment, all the refugees rise to their feet, happily applauding Varrick's story. Bolin also rises to his feet.
Bolin:  Wait! You like that?  It didn't make any sense! What about Zombie Amon? What happened to him, huh? And-and-and-and stars are magic fairy dust?  Are you guys crazy?  Are you crazy?
Baraz:  It's just a mover.  Don't over-think it. It's like a ride.
Varrick:  Never let the truth get in the way of a good story, kid! 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to credits.
Main Asami Sato Bolin Korra Mako Varrick Wu: Minor Ahnah Amon Baraz Earth Empire fugitives Tenzin Tu Unalaq Vaatu Yin Zaheer<scene>
Shiro Shinobi:  After a close encounter with Amon, Korra took a leave of absence from Tarrlok's task force. But the Avatar has still been hard at work, leading the underdog Fire Ferrets to the pro-bending championship finals. Only one team stands in their way: the Wolfbats! Led by team captain Tahno, the brutal Wolfbats look to repeat as champs. Have the Fire Ferrets finally met their match?
</scene>

<scene>
The episode opens up to a zooming in aerial shot of the Pro-bending Arena. Cut to a close-up shot of a net as two earth disks fly in it and fall to the ground. Switch to Bolin as he quickly levitates and throws two more disks straight at the camera. The camera quickly pans to the left to show Mako throwing two fire punches and a flaming arc with his foot at the camera. The camera quickly moves on to Korra moving a small water blob around a bit before launching it forward. The scene switches to three images of Tahno suspended on a rope; the first one gets cut in two by Bolin's earth disk tearing through it, the second one gets incinerated completely by Mako's fire blast, and Korra's water blob takes off a large portion of the third image. Cut to Korra as she triumphantly jumps up, raising her left hand.
Radio host:  You're listening to "The Music Hour"!  Brought to you by Cabbage Corp,  Republic City's trusted name in technology for over fifty years.
Korra:  Man, I got a good feeling about tonight. I don't care if we are the underdogs. We can take those pompous Wolfbats.
Mako:  It's going to be our toughest match ever, but I think you're right.
Bolin:  Introducing your new champs, the fantastic Fire Ferrets!
The radio begins to broadcast static and changes to Amon's speech as he interrupts the program. Korra looks at the radio in alarm.
Amon: Good morning, citizens of Republic City. This is Amon.  I hope you all enjoyed last night's pro-bending match, because it will be the last.  It's time for this city to stop worshiping bending athletes as if they were heroes. I am calling on the council to shut down the bending arena  and cancel the finals, or else there will be severe consequences.
Static returns and the radio is silent.
Bolin: That guy's got some nerve.
Mako: You think the council will give in?
Korra: I'm not waiting to find out. We need to get to City Hall.
</scene>

<scene>
Front shot of the City Hall as the Fire Ferrets ride up to it on Naga. Cut to the main doors as Korra pushes them open.
Tenzin:  Korra, you shouldn't be here. This is a closed meeting.
Korra: As the Avatar and a pro-bending player, I have a right to be heard. You can't cancel the finals.
Tenzin: I know winning the championship means a lot to you. But as far as I'm concerned, we need to shut the arena down.
Korra: What about the rest of you? Tarrlok, there's no way you're backing down from Amon, right?
Tarrlok: Actually,  Tenzin and I agree for once.
Tenzin: The council is unanimous. We're closing the arena.
Mako: No!
Bolin: You can't!
Korra:  I-I don't understand. I thought you, of all people, would take a stand against Amon.
Tarrlok: While I am still committed to bringing that lunatic to justice, I will not put innocent lives at stake just so you and your friends can play a game.
Mako:  Pro-bending might only be a game to you, but think of what it means to the city! Right now the arena is the one place where benders and nonbenders gather together ... in-in peace! To watch benders ...
Bolin: Beat each other up! In peace!  It's an inspiration to everyone!
Tarrlok: I appreciate your naive idealism, but you're ignoring the reality of the situation.
Korra: The reality is if you close the arena, you let Amon win!
Bolin:  Yes, exactly what she said! Yes!
Tarrlok: I'm sorry, but our decision has been made. This meeting is adjourned.
</scene>

<scene>
Tarrlok picks up the gavel. A metal cable knocks off the gavel head and Tarrlok gasps. Everyone turns to look toward the entrance of the courtroom as Lin enters the scene and coils her cable back, looking at the council.
Lin: I can't believe I'm saying this, but I agree with the Avatar.
Tarrlok: You do?
Korra: Yeah, you do?
Lin: I expected this kind of cut-and-run response from Tenzin.  But the rest of you? Come on, show a little more backbone. It's time that the benders of this city displayed some strength and unity against these Equalists.
Tenzin:  We must prevent the conflict between benders and nonbenders from escalating into all-out war!  The council is not changing its position, Lin.
Tarrlok: Now just a moment, Tenzin. Let us hear what our esteemed Chief of Police has in mind. 
Lin: If you keep the arena open, my metalbenders and I will provide extra security during the championship match. There's no better force to deal with the chi blockers. Our armor is impervious to their attacks.
Tarrlok: Are you saying that you will personally take responsibility for the safety of the spectators in the arena? 
Lin:  I guarantee it.
Tarrlok:  It is hard to argue with Chief Beifong's track record.  If she is confident her elite officers can protect the arena, then she has my support. I am changing my vote.  Who else is with me?  The arena stays open. Good luck in the finals.
The Fire Ferrets jump in their cheering.
Bolin: All right!
Mako:  Yeah!
Korra:  Thank you!
Tarrlok: And good luck to you, Chief Beifong.
Tenzin approaches Lin.
Tenzin: A word please, Lin.
</scene>

<scene>
The scene cuts to a City Hall corridor where Tenzin is talking to Lin.
Tenzin: Tarrlok's playing you and I don't want to see you get hurt.
Lin: I know what I am doing and the risks that come with it.
Tenzin: In that case, I'm going to be by your side during the match.
Lin:  You don't need to babysit me.
Tenzin: It's for Korra. I want to make sure she's safe.
Lin:  Do what you want! It's not like I've ever been able to stop you before.
Korra:  Excuse me, Chief Beifong. I wanted to thank you for your help,  it ... really ... means a lot ...  What is her deal? Even when she's on my side, she's against me!
Tenzin: I've known Lin since we were children, she's always been ...  challenging.
Korra: What did your father do to make her hate the Avatar so much?
Tenzin: My father and Lin got along famously.  I'm afraid her issues ... are with me.
Korra:  Wait a second ...  it all makes sense now!  You and Beifong, Beifong and you. You two were a  couple!
Tenzin:  What! How-?  Where'd you get that idea?
Korra: Ha!  Your wife.
Tenzin:  Criminy! I'll have to have a word with her.
Korra:  So ... Pema stole you from Beifong. I'm surprised our "esteemed Chief of Police" didn't throw her in jail.
Tenzin:  Oh, she tried.  Anyway, Pema didn't steal me, Lin and I had been growing apart for some time. We both had different goals in li-  Why am I even telling you this? It all happened a long time ago and we've moved passed it.
Korra: Hm, apparently Beifong hasn't.
Tenzin: What do you ...  Of course she has! Anyway, this is none of your business! 
Korra:  See you at home, Mr. Heartbreaker! 
</scene>

<scene>
Scene changes to a view Republic City and again to a cargo area where Amon is watching his people loading cargo into trucks.
Lieutenant:  I just got word. The council defied your threat. They're keeping the arena open.
Amon: Perfect.  Everything is going according to plan. 
Nighttime approaches where the Pro-bending Arena is surrounded by the ships of the metalbenders, changes to where officers are scouring the inside, looking for some undefined objects.
Officer: All clear, Chief.
</scene>

<scene>
Camera pans up to reveal Lin standing at an entrance as Tenzin approaches from behind.
Tenzin: How is the security sweep going?
Lin:  Fine.
Tenzin: They've checked underneath the stands?
Lin:  Yes.
Tenzin: And you have enough officers to cover all points of entry?
Lin:  I have the skies, the bay, and every nook and cranny of this place covered.  Now leave me alone and let me do my job.
Tenzin:  Lin, with so much on the line it would be nice if we could help each other out, at least for one night.
Lin:  Like old times?
Tenzin: Like old times.
Lin:  Okay, I'll try to be less abrasive than usual.
Tenzin: I would appreciate that.
</scene>

<scene>
The scene changes, where the police airships protect the sky and police vehicles are parked outside the arena.
Shiro Shinobi:  The anticipation is palpable as we are just moments away from the championship match.  Will the Wolfbats' ferocity help them repeat as champs?  Or will the underdog Fire Ferrets serve up a surprising bowl of smackdown soup?
Bolin:  Now I know there's a big crowd but don't be nervous. You're gonna do great, I believe in you. 
The Fire Ferrets are preparing themselves for the championship as the ring announcer comes up to the stage, light beaming down on him as the spectators cheer.
Ring announcer: Introducing the challengers, the Future Industries Fire Ferrets!
The Fire Ferrets cosplayers cheer as the Fire Ferrets come to the arena. Hiroshi and Asami are sitting in the V.I.P. section as Asami blows a kiss to Mako and winks to him. Mako does the same to Asami, not noticing that Korra pulls a face of disgust. When they reach the arena, Bolin signals to Pabu.
Bolin:  You're on, Pabu.
Pabu jumps down and does his trick by moving around on his front paws before doing some backflips while Bolin uses an earth disk, removing the center for Pabu to backflip through and back, ending the performance with one paw standing.
Bolin: Yes! Nailed it!  He's so talented!
Ring announcer: And their opponents, the three timed defending champions, the White Falls Wolfbats!
Bat-masked Wolfbats with purple capes howl and spread their wing capes while fireworks go off all around the arena. The Wolfbats' fangirls cry and howl in support as the Fire Ferret cosplayers boo.
Bolin: Pfft,  they got nothing on us, buddy. Anybody can howl.  Hm, whatever.
Tahno takes off his bat mask and unties his cape.
Korra:  I'm gonna knock Tahno's stupid hair off his stupid head!
Shiro Shinobi: The champs and challengers face off at the center-line and here we go! 
The Wolfbats instantly move toward their opponents and Tahno attempts an uppercut on Korra with his waterbending fist. Korra moves back to barely dodge it and backflips, only to be hit by a waterbending blast from him.
Shiro Shinobi: Tahno tries to clean the Avatar's clock with some dirty water boxing.  Ming shakes off Mako's attack and returns the favor.  Shaozu gets fancy, but Bolin ricochets a disk off the ropes and says 'No, thank you sir!'
Mako:  Nice shot!
Tahno looks at the Fire Ferrets in slight irritation for that. Shaozu runs out the way of Mako's fireball just in time.
Shiro Shinobi: The waterbenders slug it out, looking evenly matched.  Tahno gets a little too worked up and unleashes a deluge on Bolin that would certainly elicit a foul.  Or apparently not.
Mako:  What's the big idea, ref? That was a hosing foul! 
Shiro Shinobi: And the Wolfbats advance despite Tahno exceeding the waterbending time limit.  A questionable call by the officials.  Ming trips up Mako with another dirty trick!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Tenzin and Lin looking on from the crowd.
Tenzin:  Oh come on, refs! There was some funny business in that last play!
Lin:  Wouldn't have guessed you knew the rules of pro-bending?
Tenzin:  I've been brushing up. That Wolfbat blatantly bent a disk outside of his zone.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to overhead view of match. Ming launches another disk as Tahno runs forward in preparation to attack, before cutting close-up.
Shiro Shinobi: The Ferret brothers are backed up to zone three and the Wolfbats smell blood.  Looks like Tahno snuck in an illegal icing move but once again there's no call.  I don't know what match the refs are watching but it's obviously not this one.  Oh ... a splash-and-clash sends the Avatar to zone three as well.  It's a knockout! The Wolfbats win the championship for the fourth year in a-  Hold on a second, folks!  Scratch that! The Ferrets are still alive, but just barely.  What an unbelievable move! These Ferrets aren't just bending the elements, they're bending my mind!  The underdogs survive to see round two.
The Fire Ferrets huddle together before round two.
Korra: What's wrong with these refs?
Mako: They've been paid off; it's the only explanation.  Someone wants us to lose.
Korra:  If the Wolfbats are gonna fight dirty,  then so should we.
Mako: No we can't!  The refs have it out for us. If we're gonna win this thing, it has to be fair and square.
Korra:  Argh, that's no fun but ... all right.
Ring announcer: Round two! 
Shiro Shinobi:  The opening salvo is a brutal call as both sides give it their all.  But once again, Tahno sneaks in a little ice to get the upper hand.  Wowzers! Those look like illegal head shots to me! 
Ring announcer: Round two will be decided with a tie-breaker!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to close-up of a coin that is flipped. The coin is caught by a hand and zooms out to show the teams facing each other with the referee in the between them looking at the coin.
Referee:  The Fire Ferrets win the coin toss. Which element do you choose?
Korra:  I'm taking this one. Let's go!  You and me, pretty boy!
Tahno:  Thought you'd never ask.
The other team members move away from the center as the center elevates itself with Korra and Tahno in the middle, preparing to fight. Korra and Tahno move around for the first strike.
Tahno:  Come on, little girl. Give me your best shot.
</scene>

<scene>
Korra narrows her eyes and waterbends at Tahno. Tahno dodges it but gets hit under the chin by a stream of water. The scene rewinds to show the replay from a farther distance. Korra had sent the first stream of water as a distraction and used her leg to waterbend the final blow. Tahno had attempted to retaliate after Korra's first shot, but Korra's surprise hit to his chin causes his waterbending jet to quickly lose form. Tahno collapses out of the ring and the bell rings.
Korra:  Hmph, chump.
</scene>

<scene>
Tahno's girls are shocked from the tie breaker along with the Fire Ferret cosplayers. Tahno's helmet lands right into one of the Fire Ferret cosplayer's hands. Cut to the ring announcer.
Ring announcer: Round two goes to the Fire Ferrets! 
Mako:  Nice one!
Bolin: That's the stuff. You are my herooo-ah!
Mako:  We might actually win this thing!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Tahno being helped to his feet. He shakes off his team members in rage and fixes his hair.
Tahno:  Let's send them to a watery grave!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Tenzin and Lin watching in the crowd.
Lin:  I can't believe your sweet-tempered father was reincarnated into that girl. She's tough as nails.
Tenzin:  Reminds me of someone else I knew at that age. You two might get along if you would only give her a chance.
Lin:  Hmph.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to shot behind Korra as Tahno glares at her, annoyed.
Shiro Shinobi: One round apiece:  who wants it more?  The Wolfbats fly out of the gates, swinging with bad intentions.  The challengers are showing a lot of heart but the champs are really starting to find their rhythm now.  Can the Ferrets hang in there with the best,  especially when the best are frankly getting a little help from the refs?  It's all down to this final round!  Mako is leaving it all in the ring  but it looks like Tahno and Ming are up to more shenanigans!  Oh, this has gone too far!  That water had rocks in it!
Referee:  Knockout!
</scene>

<scene>
Crowd begins an uproar. Cut to Tenzin and Lin.
Tenzin:  Oh, come on! Those were illegal head shots! Open your eyes, ref!
Shiro Shinobi:  Well, folks it's a controversial call but the Wolfbats notch a nasty knockout to win the match!  For the fourth year in a row, they'll be crowned tournament champions.
Tahno:  I barely broke a sweat! Anybody else wanna scrap with the champs?
</scene>

<scene>
In slow motion. Cut to a male spectator putting on an Equalist mask. Cut to a female spectator putting on mask. Cut to another man putting a mask on. Cut to close-up of a box of popcorn as a hand reaches in to grab an electrical glove from within. Cut to another hand doing the same. Cut to a man pulling his glove out of the popcorn and lifting it up in line with his face. Cut to Tenzin as he expresses his outrage over the match as Lin turns to look at him. He turns his head and realizes that an Equalist is standing behind Lin.
Tenzin: Look out!
</scene>

<scene>
The Equalist grabs Lin by the shoulder and electrocutes her, knocking her unconscious. Tenzin airbends at the Equalist but is also electrocuted by a female Equalist behind him. Cut to Tenzin falling to the ground next to Lin. Cut to an Equalist as he sneaks up behind a metalbender cop and electrocutes him into unconsciousness. Cut to a view of the stands as Equalists electrocute metalbender cops from behind. Cut to another cop being electrocuted from behind as the crowd continues to look at the arena below. Cut to Korra as she surfaces from the water along with her teammates and immediately notices the electricity in the stands.
Korra:  What?
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the side of the water as the Lieutenant drops onto the platform underneath the arena. Cut to Korra as she gasps. Cut to the Lieutenant who charges his kali sticks. Cut to Korra and her teammates in the water as she tries to waterbend at him. The Lieutenant jabs his electrified kali sticks into the pool causing her water to drop back into the pool before it could hit him. The Fire Ferrets are electrocuted and they all scream in pain before becoming unconscious. Spectators are screaming in fear. Cut to Shiro Shinobi.
Shiro Shinobi: Folks, there is some sort of electrical disturbance in the stands. Metalbender cops are dropping like bumbleflies. There appear to be masked members of the audience wielding strange devices on their hands.  One of them is in the booth with me right now, folks! He is leveling one of those glove devices at me now and I believe he is about to electrocute me. I am currently wetting my pants. 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Tahno and the Wolfbats as they look around in confusion and fear. Cut to Amon and a group of Equalists as they rise from the ring's center platform. Cut briefly to Tahno who looks around in fear. Cut briefly to Amon. Cut to Korra in the water, unconscious. Cut to Bolin as the camera pans up past Mako and Korra, all three unconscious. Korra is dragged out of the water. Cut to Lin and Tenzin who are also unconscious and the spectators screaming as the Equalists subdue them. Cut to behind Amon and his group as the Wolfbats stare at them.
Tahno:  What's going on here, ref?
Referee:  I don't know!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to overhead view of Tahno and the Wolfbats moving away as Amon and the Equalists approach them.
Tahno:  All right, you want a piece of the Wolfbats? Here it comes!
</scene>

<scene>
Tahno launches a water blast at Amon evades it and darts forward. Side-view of the Wolfbats as they all begin to bend at the Equalists. Amon dodges Tahno's attack and turns his attention to Shaozu. Shaozu attempts to hit him with firebending, but Amon dodges and moves behind him, grabs his arm and swings him around once and moves forward with him as he screams. Tahno attempts to save him with waterbending, but his hands become restrained with a bola. Ming's hands also become tied up with a bola and he steps backward before his legs are bound with a second bola. Cut to view of two Equalists now holding Tahno in front of Amon with Ming and Shaozu on the ground.
Tahno:  Wait, please don't do this!  I'll give you the championship pot,  I'll-I'll give you everything just  please don't take my bending!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut Amon as he places his thumb on Tahno's forehead and takes his bending away. Cut to a frontal view of Amon. Switch to a side-view of the platform as the Equalists drag the Wolfbats' bodies near the edge of the ring, and kick them off into the water. Cut to a massive banner with the Equalist symbol being unrolled. Cut to wide-view of entire arena as more banners are unrolled. Cut to the Lieutenant as he drags Korra out of the water to be tied up. Cut to Korra close-up who seems half conscious and begins having more visions about Aang. First, Aang and Toph stand in front of a row of metalbenders while Toph points toward the camera and says something. Fade to Yakone at a trial meeting with Aang seen standing behind him. Fade to Yakone standing up. Fade to Aang in the Avatar State, with Yakone cowering in front. Cut to close-up of Aang as his tattoos stop glowing. The scene switches back into the present as the Lieutenant ties the Fire Ferrets to one of the arena supports. Cut to Amon as the camera pans up to show him holding a microphone.
Amon: I believe I have your attention, benders of Republic City.  So once again, the Wolfbats are your pro-bending champions.  It seems fitting that you celebrate three bullies who cheated their way to victory because every day,  you threaten and abuse your fellow nonbending citizens  just like the Wolfbats did to their opponents tonight.  Those men were supposedly the best in the bending world and yet it only took a few moments for me to  cleanse them of their impurity. Let this be a warning to all of you benders out there:  if any of you stand in my way,  you will meet the same fate.  Now, to my followers: for years the Equalists have been forced to hide in the shadows, but now we have the numbers and the strength to create a new Republic City.  I'm happy to tell you that the  time for change has finally come. Very soon, the current tyrannical bending regime will be replaced by a fair-minded Equalist government. You and your children will no longer have to walk the streets afraid! It's time to take back our city.
Mako: How are we gonna get out of here?
</scene>

<scene>
Bolin smiles as the camera cuts to Pabu swimming in the water toward them. Cut to close-up of Pabu. Cut back to Fire Ferrets as Pabu jumps toward them.
Bolin: Pabu! Listen up, buddy. 
Mako:  Stop fooling around!
Bolin: I'm not! I'm trying to save us!  See? Pabu's not just a one trick poodle pony. 
Amon:  For centuries, benders have possessed an unnatural advantage over ordinary people.  But thankfully, modern technology has provided us with a way to even out the playing field.  Now anyone can hold the power of a chi blocker in their hand.  My followers and I will not rest until the entire city achieves equality, and once that goal is achieved, we will equalize the rest of the world.  The revolution has begun! 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut close to Amon as the camera pans up revealing an Equalist airship as it appears above the Pro-bending Arena. An area of the glass dome smashes and ropes with platforms on the end are lowered down through the hole. Cut to outside the Arena showing the airship above with the ropes going inside the roof. Cut back inside showing a wide-view of the arena as the ropes continue to descend on the Equalist group. Cut to closer shot of the Equalist group. Amon and the Equalists climb onto these platforms and are lifted out of the arena. Cut to audience as two Equalists depart with Amon's group in the background. Cut to Lin regaining consciousness as other Equalists leave. Cut to Tenzin as Lin rises to her feet and moves toward Tenzin as he sits up.
Lin:  Tenzin! 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to behind Lin as she watches Amon's group leave. Cut to frontal view of Lin with Tenzin standing behind as explosives detonate. The scene rewinds showing a wide-view of the central platform as it explodes. The scene repeats from an aerial shot of the platform. Cut to behind Lin as she recoils and lifts her arm to cover her face from the blast. The entire explosion shakes the arena and the crowd begins to scream in fear. Cut to Pabu and Bolin as both watch debris fall nearby.
Bolin:  It's okay, Pabu. Just a little explosion.  Keep chewing, you're almost through it!  Yes! Great job, buddy!
</scene>

<scene>
Korra runs off the platform, freezing the water in the pool. Cut to aerial view of Korra as she looks up. Briefly cut close-up of Korra's determined face.
Korra:  I'm going after Amon!
Mako:  Be careful!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to wide-view as Korra jumps into the water. Cut to underwater as Korra begins waterbending herself up in a massive water cyclone. Cut to above water as Korra erupts from beneath and the camera follow her as she makes her way toward the hole in the roof. Cut a frontal view of Korra looking determined until she realizes she is not going to make it. Cut to side-view as she gets higher the water begins to lessen until eventually there is not enough for her to reach the ceiling. Cut to frontal view of Korra as she begins to fall, with an outstretched hand toward the ceiling, as she begins to scream. Cut to the Equalists making their escape as the camera zooms out. Cut briefly to a cable being shot through the air. Cut to Korra falling before being caught by cable as it wraps itself around her waist. Korra looks up and the camera cuts to see Lin as she circles Korra, being held up by another cable. Cut to Korra as she prepares herself. Cut to wide-view of arena, before switching back to Lin. Lin shoots Korra up and out of the arena. Cut to side-view of Lin as Korra flies past. Cut to aerial view as Korra soars toward the ceiling. Cut to side-view of the top of the arena. Korra flies through the hole toward the Equalists. Cut to a frontal view of Korra as she firebends the Lieutenant and an Equalist off the rising platform. Cut to view underneath the airship as the Lieutenant falls and Korra firebends at the Equalist again to knock him off before grabbing the rope. Cut to above Korra as she looks down briefly before turning toward the airship. Cut to Amon rising on the platform as he looks at her. Cut to Korra as she overcomes her hesitation punches out a fireball as the camera zooms out. Cut inside the airship as the fire blast knocks the Equalists back except for Amon, who simply looks on and walks away. Cut to Amon as another fire blast goes past him before turning away. Cut to Korra looking determined before she looks below. Cut to the arena as the camera pans back to show the entire area with Lin's police force in flames. Cut to Lin as she metalbends up onto the rooftop and shoots her cables toward the airship. Cut to Korra as an Equalist approaches her only to be grabbed by the cable. Cut to aerial shot of the roof as Lin slams him down onto the glass. Cut to two more Equalists sliding down Korra's rope. Cut to side-view of Korra as the Equalists knock her off the platform. Cut to underneath the glass roof as Korra slams down on it. Cut to aerial shot of Lin and the roof as she tries to metalbend onto the nearest rope as the Lieutenant approaches. Cut to side-view as the Lieutenant strikes her down with his kali sticks. Cut to frontal view of Lin as she gasps in pain. Cut to side-view of them both as Lin falls forward to the ground. Camera zooms out as three Equalists rush toward her. Korra firebends at one to aid Lin, knocking him down. Cut to the downed Equalist who rolls over and attempts to stand up but is stood on by Korra. Cut to frontal view of Korra and the remaining two Equalists as she firebends at both before preparing another attack. Cut to the Lieutenant as he moves to deal a knockout blow to Lin until he gets hit by a fire blast from behind. Cut to behind the Lieutenant as falls to the ground before quickly recovering to a kneeling stance. Korra moves to firebend at him but he quickly dodges. Cut to side-view as the he rolls out of the way. He runs away as Korra chases after him. Cut to overhead view as he stops to turn and fight her, attempting to strike with his kali sticks which Korra dodges. Cut to behind Korra as she leaps up and firebends from her feet, which he avoids. Cut to wide-view of rooftop as they continue to fight as the two Equalists move to aid the Lieutenant. Cut to behind Lin as she sits up noticing the Equalists. Cut to close-up of Lin as she shoots her cables toward them and the camera zooms out. Cut to the Equalists as the cables wrap around them and are spun out of their way. Cut to Lin as she twirls around, breakdance-style, in order to generate enough velocity to push herself onto her feet. While spinning around, she bends the metal slabs under the two Equalists and catapults them away in opposite directions. As she pushes herself up, she retracts her metal cables. Lin turns to look at Amon's airship. Cut to view underneath airship as Lin looks up and fires a cable toward it. Close-up of the rope and platform as the cable wraps around a rope. Side-view of Lin as she is lifted into the air. Side-view of rooftop and airship as Lin flies toward the airship. With a flash of lightning, the camera cuts to Korra protecting herself from the Lieutenant's attacks, by having her arms crossed in front of her; she jumps backward out of his range. The Lieutenant surges forward. Cut to a side-view of the fight as Korra ducks under his wide swing. She retaliates by grabbing hold of his left wrist and kneeing him in the stomach with her left leg. The Lieutenant is swung around in a half-circle motion, and is slammed roughly on the glass ground behind her. Cut briefly to overhead view as he lands on the glass with a grunt of pain. Korra instantly retracts her left leg and prepares for a flaming half-moon kick. Cut to a frontal view of Korra as her kick reaches its zenith; the Lieutenant's left hand kali stick bounces away after he released it due to his fall. He manages to turn around to block Korra's attack by knocking her foot away with his other kali stick. The Lieutenant jumps up, during which he switches his remaining kali stick to his left hand, and attempts to kick her head, but she ducks. Korra attempts to hit him with two firebending punches, but he dodges them both. In slow motion, Korra narrowly misses with a firebending kick, and the Lieutenant prepares to strike back with his kali stick. Cut to a frontal view on normal speed of the Lieutenant as he brings down his attack. Frontal view of Korra as she narrowly dodges the weapon, before countering with an elbow to the face. Cut to a close-up of the Lieutenant as he is knocked backward, falls down and rolls over, before standing back up, albeit with the usage of his kali stick as support. Cut to Korra as she runs toward him with a determined look on her face. She twists around her own axis to build up momentum and launches two more firebending arcs at the Lieutenant. Cut to a point of view from the side of the arena looking up; the Lieutenant is flung off the roof and tumbles down it toward the water. Cut to Korra as she heavily lands on the glass, which cracks underneath her feet. Switch to her alarmed face as cracking sounds are heard. Cut to an overview shot at the moment the ceiling breaks and she falls through. As she plunges down screaming, the camera moves back to show Lin looking down from above. Cut to Lin as she releases her cables and shoots them at the frames of the ceiling, helping her to gain more speed to reach Korra. Cut to side-view of Korra as she continues to fall. Cut to aerial view as she falls in to smoke and Lin follows closely behind sending a cable in to a nearby Equalist flag. Cut to the flag behind impaled by the cable. Cut back to Lin as she fires another toward Korra. Cut to the smoke cloud as the camera follows the cables direction toward Korra, who catches it. Cut to side-view of the smoke cloud as both exit toward the stands. Cut briefly to the Equalist flag, now stretching and tearing. Cut back to behind Lin and Korra as they approach the stands. Cut to side-view of the stands as both land safely.
Lin:  You all right?
Korra:  I'm fine, thanks to you.
Lin: Don't mention it, kid.  Looks like we lost this one.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to side-view of stands. Mako rushes toward Korra, followed by Bolin. Mako hugs her.
Mako:  I'm so glad you're okay!
Bolin:  Me too! 
</scene>

<scene>
Camera pans to Lin as Tenzin approaches, placing a hand on her shoulder.
Lin:  I can't believe Amon did this. I played right into his hand.
Tenzin: He played us all.  Republic City is at war.
</scene>

<scene>
The camera pans up from the burning pro-bending ring to the hole in the ceiling and cuts to the credits.
Main Bolin Korra Lin Beifong Mako Tenzin Antagonists Amon Equalists Lieutenant White Falls Wolfbats Ming Shaozu Tahno: Minor Aang (flashback only) Asami Sato Fire Ferrets cosplayers Hiroshi Sato Pabu Pro-bending referee Radio host Ring announcer Shiro Shinobi Sokka (flashback only) Tarrlok Toph (flashback only) White Falls Wolfbats fangirls Yakone (flashback only)<scene>
Shiro Shinobi:  After three years, Kuvira has finally united the former Earth Kingdom states under her new Earth Empire banner! But one holdout remains: Zaofu. During that same time, Asami rebuilt the company her father created and helped redesign the city's infrastructure. And, most recently, the airbender kids found the Avatar! Korra rid herself of the residual poison in her body and is ready to return to action!
</scene>

<scene>
The scene opens with a nature shot, a view of a cliffside punctuated by a narrow cleft. Through the crack, a flock of birds scatters as, in the next moment, a massive Earth Empire airship appears through the void in the rock, cutting through the air close to the ground. Cut to a wide shot, showing the closed parts of Zaofu sitting in the foreground at the head of its narrow valley; Kuvira's airships, in the distance, round the bend in the valley and steer toward the city. As the ships advance on the city, the shot cuts to a guard outpost, where one of the guards, seeing the force bearing down on them, whirls around and rushes to a radio, picking it up and speaking urgently.
Guard: We have an emergency!
</scene>

<scene>
Shot cuts to Suyin, riding on a train; the frame is focused on her face, facing away from the front window as the train rushes through a tunnel. The shot zooms out, revealing that her twin sons are with her; Baatar walks up to her, grasping a bar for balance as he speaks.
Baatar:  I'll contact President Raiko. He'll send the United Forces.
The train emerges into brilliant sunlight as it exits the tunnel. The four of them look into the distance; Kuvira's forces are massed in the valley, both airships and ground troop.
Suyin:  Call whomever you want, but they'll never make it in time.  Kuvira's already here and she brought her entire army.
</scene>

<scene>
After a longer shot of the whole of the force, the shot cuts to the train. Baatar Jr., standing in front of the map of the Earth Kingdom, fixes his cufflinks before turning and joining Kuvira at the window. They look out at the world flying by as the train moves through the countryside.
Baatar Jr.: By this time tomorrow, my mother will have signed the treaty, and the Earth Empire will finally be united.
Kuvira: Don't get ahead of yourself. Securing your hometown won't be like every other city. 
Baatar Jr.:  Zaofu stopped being my home long ago. I'm ready to take it by force.
Kuvira: No. The eyes of the world are on us now. We must do this right. That's why we need Bolin.
Baatar Jr.: Do you really think we can rely on him?
Kuvira:  Su trusts him. She'll listen to him.
</scene>

<scene>
The scene cuts to a wide shot of Pepper flying through the air. As Jinora speaks, it zooms, showing Jinora piloting the bison while Korra, Ikki, and Meelo sit back in the saddle.
Jinora: Are you sure we should be going to Zaofu? Dad wanted us to bring you back to Republic City.
Korra:  If Kuvira's heading to Zaofu, so am I. She needs to know that the Avatar is back.  The world needs to know.
Meelo jumps to his feet, yelling as he balances himself on the saddle.
Meelo: Woo-hoo! Avatar fight! This is going to be awesome!
Korra:  Meelo, there's not gonna be a fight. Kuvira saved my dad. She was a captain in Su's guard; I think she can be reasoned with.
Meelo: What? No fight? Why did we go through all that trouble to save you if you're not going to beat someone up?
</scene>

<scene>
Quick cut to Kuvira's train, gliding through the mountains on its track. The scene is shown briefly from the perspective of a camera in Varrick's laboratory in the rear car of the train; Varrick himself has his head shoved into the frame; he looks confused.
Varrick: Zhu Li! Is this thing on? 
Zhu Li:  We're rolling, sir.
Varrick: Okay. I'm Varrick, of Varrick Industries, International--  --and this is Spirit Vine Experiment 3-02. Hand me the thing!
Zhu Li walks into the frame from the right, carrying a glass tube, within which is a fragment of spirit vine. While Zhu Li, dressed in a white lab coat and protective observation goggles, carries the tube easily, Varrick staggers under its weight as she gives it to him. He waddles over to the machine behind him and places the tube in the machine as Zhu Li checks an electrical connection in the wiring on the floor.
Varrick:  In this stasis capsule is a preserved spirit vine sample weighing approximately two "Zhu Lis".
</scene>

<scene>
Zhu Li casts a glance at the camera as the view cuts away from the camera's point of view; Varrick walks to the right side of the machine and pulls a lever. As he walks back toward the camera, the machine begins to hum, and the vine in the capsule is enveloped by electric pulses of purplish power.
Varrick: I have postulated that these spirit vines are a form of pure energy that's unstable in what we call--  --"typical earth conditions".  This machine should transfer the energy from the vine into a battery using electrical currents, reverse magnetic polarity, and a little-known phenomenon I like to call--  --the Varri-Effect!
</scene>

<scene>
The point of view moves out of the camera as Varrick moves to observe his machine. The vine crackles with energy, a high-pitched hum permeating the room, then a separate glass tube above it begins glowing with the same purplish light.
Varrick:  It's working! It's registering five "Varricks" of power.  Now seven Varricks!
As soon as the words leave his mouth, the power conduit leading to the glowing battery overloads, and bolts of energy begin to arc along its surface as Varrick stares at it, dumbstruck. The energy dial suddenly shoots to the top of the scale; the light bulbs on the side of the machine shatter as alarms sound.
Varrick: Whoa! What is this? What's going on?
</scene>

<scene>
As the hum of the machine rises in pitch, a sudden arc of energy flares from the machine, knocking Zhu Li against the wall with a cry; the point of view jumps back inside the camera as Varrick dives away from the machine. The camera falls onto its side as Varrick yells, climbing toward the camera.
Varrick: Zhu Li! Shut it down! There are too many Varricks!
</scene>

<scene>
As the point of view leaves the camera once again, Zhu Li rushes to the lever and pulls it, looking up at the arcing battery. Since nothing happens, she pulls the lever a few more times, to no effect. As she stares, panicked, at the intensely glowing battery, it explodes, sending a focused blast of pure energy through the back wall of the train. A quick outside shot shows the entire rear car of the train being thrown into the air by the shock of the blast. Varrick and Zhu Li are both thrown backward, toward the gaping hole in the car. While Varrick hits a piece of wall and crumples to the floor, Zhu Li tumbles through the hole, screaming as she dangles over the tracks flying by in a blur.
Zhu Li: Sir!
Varrick crawls to the hole and, grabbing both of her hands, tries to pull her back into the train, groaning.
Varrick: You're too heavy! You know, you could stand to lose a few Zhu Lis!
Zhu Li:  I think you're just weak, sir! Pull harder!
With one last great effort, his eyes bulging with the exertion, Varrick pulls Zhu Li back onto the train. He falls backward as Zhu Li, off balance, falls on top of him. As they realize how they are lying, chest to chest, they look at each other for a moment. Zhu Li, a tiny smile on her face, moves her safety goggles onto her forehead as Varrick looks back into her eyes.
Zhu Li:  Varrick ... you saved me.
Varrick:  Of course I saved you.
As he puts his free hand on the other side of her face, he directs her face toward the wreckage of the car, a sudden change in his demeanor from romantic to his eccentric self.
Varrick: I can't clean this place up by myself!  Grab a broom!
As he sits up, Zhu Li leans away from him, looking put out. Kuvira and Baatar Jr., having felt the shock of the explosion, enter the room.
Kuvira: What happened? Were we attacked?
Varrick:  No! We were spirit-vined! But don't worry! I'm putting the kibosh on this project.
He slides a lever on the wall down and the greenish light bathing his samples, set into notches in the wall, lessens and goes out.
Kuvira: No, you're not. Do you realize what we could do with this kind of power?
Varrick:  Yes! I do! And that's why we gotta put an end to it! What if it fell into the wrong hands?
Baatar Jr.:  Since when does that matter to you?
Varrick:  I know, it's not like me, right? Usually I look at a project like this and think, "Wow! I could make a ton of money off this!" But recently, I've been having these strange feelings ... inside.  It's like I'm ... concerned with others. And there's this nagging voice in my head constantly telling me what's right from wrong!
Zhu Li:  I believe that voice is your conscience, sir.
Kuvira:  Well, I'm the other voice in your head, and I'm telling you you will continue with this project.
Varrick: Sorry, no. I just really gotta stand my ground on this one-- Whoa!
The metal plates that make up the shoulders of his outfit have slid up and tightened around his neck, lifting him into the air. As the frame shifts, Kuvira is shown metalbending. She begins walking him backward, toward the hole in the back of the train.
Kuvira: And now there's a voice in my head telling me to drop you on the tracks.  Should I listen?
Varrick:  No! No! Head voices are liars, what do head voices know? I'll work on the project! Please don't drop me!
</scene>

<scene>
Kuvira smiles. She pulls Varrick back inside the train and he tumbles to the floor in a heap. She steps over his body as she leaves, Baatar Jr. in tow. Zhu Li rushes to Varrick's side and they both watch their superiors leave, anger etched into their faces. Cut to the Republic City prison building. A zoomed shot shows a stack of letters, their wax seals unbroken, sitting in front of a pair of folded hands. The shot changes to reveal that Asami Sato is sitting at the table, looking down at the letters. A voice breaks the silence and she looks up.
Hiroshi: Asami, you came.
Hiroshi pulls out the chair opposite his daughter and sits, the shot showing a bespectacled, somewhat downfallen face; his hair has gone gray. A moment of silence passes between them as they sit facing each other.
Asami:  I came to return these.
Hiroshi:  You never opened them.
Asami: Stop writing me. I never want to see or hear from you again. 
Hiroshi:  Please, just let me say one thing, then I'll never contact you again.
Asami stands still for a moment, then sits back down, not looking her father in the eye.
Hiroshi: I can't forgive myself for all the horrible things I've done. And I never expect you to forgive me. I tore our family apart, and destroyed our good name.  But in a life of regret, you're the one thing I look back on that makes me smile.  I just want you to know I'm so proud of you, Asami. You are the greatest thing I ever created.
</scene>

<scene>
The tear that threatened to spill while Hiroshi was talking, breaks through and rolls over her cheek. Asami quickly rises and runs from the room without saying a word. Hiroshi watches her leave before hanging his head in sadness. Cut to the train, still speeding through the mountains. Bolin sits in a chair, facing Kuvira and Baatar Jr.. He seems apprehensive.
Bolin: Am ... I in trouble?
Kuvira: No. In fact, I have good news. We want you to be a part of our inner circle.
Bolin:  Inner circle? No way! Yes!  That is a great honor. What does it mean, exactly?
Kuvira: It means you've proven your worth. We're so close to uniting the Empire, but Su has some resentment towards me and Baatar that might cloud her judgment and stop her from making a wise decision. We believe you can help her see clearly.
Bolin:  I can do that! By the time I'm finished telling her all the great things we've done, she'll be begging to join!
Kuvira: Good. Because we're here.
Kuvira metalbends the shades on the windows up, letting outside light pour into the car. Sitting in the bottom of the valley below are Kuvira's forces. Bolin looks at the massive army for a moment before turning back to Kuvira.
Bolin: Aren't all these troops gonna send the wrong message?
Kuvira: The army is here to project strength. You're here to present peace.
</scene>

<scene>
A wide tracking shot follows the train as it moves on its elevated track toward Zaofu. Cut to inside the city; a set of double doors opens wide and Kuvira, Baatar Jr., and Bolin enter the room. The view zooms out and turns around to reveal Baatar Sr., Suyin, Wei, Wing, Huan, and Opal facing the intruders. Opal, who is sitting on the large table in the center of the room which carries the scale model of Zaofu, stands upon their entrance, her hands on her hips.
Bolin:  Opal! You're here, too! 
Opal:  No! You've chosen your side.
Bolin: Sides? There shouldn't be sides!  I know, why don't we all stand in a circle, huh? Maybe hold hands?
Suyin:  I'm not giving up Zaofu. I don't care if you brought your entire army.
Kuvira: Su, I didn't bring my army to threaten you. I wanted to show you all that your son and I have accomplished.
Suyin:  You must realize what you're doing goes against everything your father and I tried to teach you.
Baatar: Son, you belong here.
Baatar Jr.:  Why? So that I could go on living in your shadow?
</scene>

<scene>
The view cuts to a side shot of Baatar's look of astonishment and Suyin's visible anger.
Suyin: Don't say that! Can't you see she's brainwashed you!
Kuvira:  Ha! I didn't brainwash him! I set him free! And now he's accomplished more with me than he ever could with you.
Bolin:  Okay, guys, obviously, there's a lot of personal, painful history here, so what do you say we just all forget about that stuff, huh? I mean, that's the past!  Right Wing? Right Wei? You guys know what I'm talkin' 'bout, right? High five!  All right. No, that's cool.  You know what I think we need to do? Focus on the future! And the future is bright, let me tell you!  I've seen it! Yeah!  Saw it last month! We went to this town that had nothing. Most of the people there had never seen a Satomobile before. Now, they have two Satomobiles, running water, and a magnet train that goes right through their town! I mean, how awesome is that?
Opal: They might have been happy when you first arrived, but I've seen what happens after you leave. Citizens are forced to work as slave labor, dissenters are sent off to who-knows-where!
Bolin: You're wrong, Opal! Now, I don't know what you think you've seen, but I am giving you the one-hundred-percent Bolin guarantee that we're making the Earth Empire a better place to live!
Suyin:  I can't believe you brought Bolin here to try and sway us. Leave! Zaofu will never accept you as their leader!
Kuvira:  Then you leave me no choice. You have twenty-four hours to agree to join the Empire, or we take the city by force.
</scene>

<scene>
Quick cut to Bolin, who looks astonished by Kuvira's sudden ultimatum. The scene changes back to Pepper, still airborne. Cut to Korra and Meelo, the latter perched on the front of the saddle, looking into the distance with the aid of a spyglass. He cries out suddenly.
Meelo: I see it! Zaofu! We made it!  And a bunch of other people are here, too.
Korra:  Oh, no. I hope we're not too late.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the same room as in the previous scene where Korra opens the door, followed by the airbender kids. The family in the room looks at her silently for a moment.
Suyin: Korra? I can't believe it, where have you been?  You disappeared; everyone was so worried!
Korra: I'll tell you the whole story later. Right now, I want to help you stop Kuvira. What can I do?
</scene>

<scene>
The scene changes to Kuvira's tent in the encampment in the valley. Inside, Kuvira sits at her desk, while Baatar Jr. and Bolin stand in front of her. Bolin seems a bit on edge.
Bolin: You were just bluffing, right? I mean, you're not really gonna attack Zaofu ... are you?
Kuvira: When people don't cooperate, we must find other ways of convincing them to join.
Bolin:  Other ... ways? How many ... times have we used these "other ways" in the past?
Kuvira:  It's not for you to worry about.
Bolin: So, uh ... what does happen to all those towns and villages after we leave? I just realized I'd never really ... gone back and ... checked on them.
Kuvira:  Those people are my loyal subjects, and they contribute to the Empire however I see fit. Now that you're in the inner circle, you're going to have to accept some hard truths.
Bolin: Maybe ... I'm not really an "inner circle" kind of guy. Or--or maybe, we don't take over Zaofu! Maybe we can just--let them be on their own, and then, "Yay! The Empire's united! Congratulations to us!"
Bolin falters, cowering as Kuvira advances on him angrily.
Kuvira: I didn't know your personal feelings for Opal were stronger than your loyalty to me. Zaofu will join us. The only thing I'm second-guessing is my decision to bring you along. Maybe you need to spend some time in a reeducation camp.
Bolin: I ... thought that's where we sent people to learn new trade skills.
Baatar Jr.:  Hard truths, Bolin.
Kuvira:  Your loyalty seems to be wavering.
Bolin:  No--no, I'm totally on your side, completely, one-hundred-percent loyal.
</scene>

<scene>
Bolin gives a hearty salute, while Kuvira, skeptical, glares down at him. Cut to the Zaofu metalbending courtyard, where Korra and Suyin stand in darkness.
Korra: How did things get so bad between you and Kuvira? I thought she was your protégé.
Suyin: She was more than that. She was like a daughter to me. I took her in when she was eight years old and nourished her talents. Kuvira was smart, a natural leader, and quickly rose through the ranks. I saw myself in her.
Korra: What happened?
Suyin:  Three years ago, after the fall of the Earth Queen, Raiko and Tenzin came to see me.
</scene>

<scene>
The scene sinks into Suyin's memory of the meeting. Suyin and Kuvira stand at the head of the room, while Raiko and Tenzin sit on the sofas on either side of the room.
Raiko: The Earth Kingdom is in chaos. There's a vacuum of power, and I'm concerned about what will happen if someone doesn't take control of the situation.
Suyin: And you think I should be the one?
Tenzin: You're the perfect person to take charge. The world leaders trust you, and, as a Beifong, you have credibility in the Earth Kingdom.
Suyin: I'm honored that you thought of me, but I'm not interested in imposing my ideals on an entire nation.  I'm afraid I can't help you.
Kuvira: Suyin, I know this isn't my place, but I think you should do this. Zaofu has always been a beacon of modern progress, and now you can share that with everyone.
Suyin: What would you have me do? March into Ba Sing Se with an army? We'd be seen as conquerors and greeted with nothing but war.
Kuvira: There are already wars. The Earth Queen nearly destroyed our nation. This is our opportunity to change things.
Suyin:  It's not going to happen.
</scene>

<scene>
As Suyin turns away from Kuvira, her face fills with hurt, then ices over with resolve. In the present, Suyin is still speaking to Korra, but the scene stays in the past, where Suyin is walking across a vast platform toward a line of airships.
Suyin:  I didn't realize it at the time, but that moment put a rift between us. Kuvira turned my own son against me, and together they plotted behind my back.
Kuvira and Baatar Jr. are standing near the airships, taking boxes on board. As Baatar Jr. walks away, Suyin walks up behind Kuvira.
Suyin: What do you think you're doing?
Kuvira:  We're doing what you don't have the guts to do: We're going to Ba Sing Se to help bring order back to the Earth Kingdom.
Suyin:  No! You will stay here!
Kuvira:  And who's going to stop me? Your security force was more than happy to join my cause. They're some of the best fighters in the world, and they are tired of being treated like exotic birds in your cage.
Suyin: If you leave now, you will never be welcomed back.
Kuvira: When I choose to return, it'll be on my own terms.
As Suyin speaks in the present again, the shot shows the propellers of the airships beginning to spin. The shot changes to Suyin watching as her airships rise into the sky, then fades back to the present.
Suyin:  Kuvira and Baatar left that day with Varrick, my security force, and a few of Zaofu's wealthiest citizens. After Kuvira proved herself by stabilizing Ba Sing Se,  Raiko and the other world leaders made her the provisional head of the Earth Kingdom. When she refused to step down, I knew it was only a matter of time before she made her way back here.
Korra: I want to fix this.
Suyin: You can. Go into the Avatar State and demolish her entire army. Remove Kuvira from power once and for all.
Korra:  Fighting is something the old me would do. That always made things worse. Let me talk with Kuvira. Maybe I can reason with her.
Suyin:  Kuvira doesn't listen to reason.
</scene>

<scene>
The scene moves to Avatar Korra Park in Republic City; a variety of different people are doing exercises on mats, walking and talking, or sitting under the statue of Korra which stands in the center of the area. Asami sits on a bench, alone. Hunched over, she sits up straight and looks at the two people at a stone table in front of her. A young girl, dressed in green, is playing Pai Sho with her father. She makes a few moves with a tile, then sits back and smiles at him. The man reaches over and takes his daughter in his arms. Asami smiles softly. The scene cuts to Varrick's workshop, where Varrick is leaned over the railing on the upper level, as Zhu Li stands behind him, making tea.
Varrick:  I can't believe Kuvira locked me in here like a prisoner! I'm not feeling well! I think I'm running out of air! Zhu Li, hold your breath!
Zhu Li:  I'm not holding my breath.
Varrick:  Great! Now we're both gonna die!
As Varrick hangs his head, a noise of creaking metal and a whisper permeate the room; Varrick lifts his head.
Bolin:  Varrick? Varrick?!
Varrick: Ahh! And the head voices are back!
Varrick is looking at Zhu Li, who points a finger up at the ceiling. Varrick turns his head up and sees Bolin's head poking through a hatch in the top of the car.
Varrick: Bolin! Thank goodness you're here! Where did that hatch come from? Forget the hatch! There's something important I gotta tell ya!
Bolin: Well, there's something important I gotta tell you, too!
He falls through the hatch, landing on his feet, and as he turns to Varrick. They both take each other's shoulders in a fervent panic.
Varrick and Bolin:  Kuvira's crazy!
They stare at each other for a split second, then talk frantically.
Bolin: How'd you find out?
Varrick: When I refused to build her a superweapon, she threatened my life!
Bolin: She threatened me, too! And she's threatening Zaofu and it turns out, she's been threatening villages this whole time!  We gotta get outta here.
Varrick: I couldn't agree more, kid.
Varrick motions to Zhu Li with a finger. As Bolin watches, she mounts a table next to the wall and jumps up through the hatch. Varrick walks toward Bolin, his hands raised. Zhu Li's hands appear above Varrick, grasp his hands, and pull him upward in a flash. Bolin promptly mounts the same table Zhu Li used and makes his own escape through the hatch. The view changes to a wide shot of the encampment before focusing on Korra, who is walking with Baatar Jr. They stop, and Baatar Jr. speaks.
Baatar Jr.: We have an unexpected guest. The Avatar is here to see you.
The view pans left to show Kuvira standing with two of her soldiers. She nods to them and they leave her. She then turns and walks over to Korra.
Kuvira: Korra, it's such an honor to see you again. The last I heard, you were still healing in the South Pole.
Korra: Well, I'm feeling much better now.
Kuvira: That's wonderful news.
Korra: I'm here to ask you to back down. Please. Take your army and leave.
Kuvira: I think we both know that's not going to happen.
The two women exchange a long, inhospitable stare.
Korra: I can't let you take Zaofu.
Kuvira: Look, I was tasked with bringing stability to the Earth Kingdom. Zaofu is the last holdout. Why should I treat it differently than any other state?
Korra: What you're doing isn't right!
Kuvira: I understand you're just trying to do Su a favor, but you can't come to me as I am on the verge of reuniting my nation and tell me to stop. The world was descending into chaos while you were gone.  In order to fix it, I had to make some tough decisions.
Korra: I know what that's like. I've had plenty of people mad at me about decisions I've made.
Kuvira:  Exactly. Korra, if you really want to help, go back to Su and try to talk some sense into her. Let's call a temporary truce. I won't make any moves until you talk to her and get back to me.
Korra:  Maybe that will be for the best.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the platform, where Baatar Jr. walks up to the door of Varrick's cart, guarded by two soldiers.
Baatar Jr.: Have you seen Bolin?
Guard #1: He came by to see Varrick, but we turned him away.
Baatar Jr.:  Open the door.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to inside the cart, where Baatar Jr. and the two guards stare at the still-open ceiling hatch.
Baatar Jr.: We have some fugitives to catch.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to just the mountains bordering Kuvira's camp, with the army and Zaofu in the background. Three mecha tanks walk uphill, away from the army. One of them stops and turns around, watching over the camp, and tries to come up with a strategy.
Bolin: Okay, I say we go up and around the mountains--  --and sneak into Zaofu from the rear.
Varrick and Zhu Li also stop, turn around and open their helmets.
Varrick: We're not going to Zaofu, that place is doomed! We gotta head to Republic City!
Bolin: What? No, nonono, we gotta help here.
Varrick: We'll be helping by warning the world about Kuvira's potential superweapon!
Bolin:  Well, that's helping, but it's a completely different type of helping.  Hmm. Let me think about this.
He suddenly gets zapped by lightning and tumbles off his feet. Three mecha tanks are charging down on them, one of them piloted by Baatar Jr.. He lunges toward Varrick, who lets out a yell and ducks back into the safety of his cockpit. Zhu Li steps in front of him, arms raised. A massive cloud of dust rises as Baatar Jr. lands with crushing force. As it clears, Zhu Li stands firm, holding his fist back with both hands, having caught Baatar Jr.'s attack. He is tackled by Bolin, leaving Varrick and Zhu Li free to fend off the other two tanks. With a ferocious snarl on her face, Zhu Li's helmet slams shut, before boxing with one of the other mecha tanks and knocking it backward. She shoots a bola and catches the other tank off guard as it was charging at Varrick, who is lying on the ground, his helmet opening and closing quickly.
Varrick:  That's not the flamethrower! What idiot designed these things?
Zhu Li: You did, sir!
Varrick:  Less lecturing, more saving my life!
She turns just in time to catch a punch from a tank in the head, hard enough to make her fly backward a good distance. To stop sliding, she jams a spike into the ground and uses her momentum to swing around on one leg, kicking the other tank in the chest with enough force to throw it into a tree. The shot pans around to show Baatar Jr. throwing Bolin's tank around. Baatar Jr. uses the hand piston to punch Bolin's tank onto its back temporarily. Bolin is slightly groggy from the blow, but quickly regains his senses and sees Baatar Jr. leap for him. He opens the tank, rolling out a split second before Baatar Jr. lands and completely crushes the suit. Bolin earthbends at Baatar Jr., but the former uses cables to jump out of the way of the flying stones. Twisting in midair, Baatar Jr. retracts one of the cables, allowing his free arm to operate the flamethrower. Bolin rolls out of the way of the stream of fire and bends up some cover for himself. In the background, Zhu Li is holding off the other two pilots on her own, while her boss is up in a tree, struggling with the controls of the mecha tank.
Varrick: Hey! I think I figured it out!
Zhu Li throws away one of her attackers and Varrick aims to shoot him with lightning, but shoots Zhu Li instead, knocking her over.
Zhu Li:  Sir, you're making this very difficult.
</scene>

<scene>
She is picked up and thrown around, while to scene goes back to Baatar Jr. and Bolin, who is still covering from Baatar Jr.'s flamethrower. Bolin launches the boulder at his former boss, giving him time to roll away and uproot a big tree, bringing it down on Baatar Jr. Meanwhile, Varrick is forced to flee his tank as it was entangled by a bola and in the clutches of an enemy tank. As he tumbles out, the other pilot throws Varrick's abandoned suit down and gives chase. Camera pans to the right where Zhu Li is gaining the upper hand now that she only has one opponent. She punches him back and launches cables into the ground around him, reeling herself in to kick her opponent hard. She opens her helmet and sees that Varrick is being chased up a mountain by the other mecha tank. She shoots a cable around a boulder, launching it at the mecha tank attacking Varrick, successfully knocking the suit off the cliff. Zhu Li moves in to knock him out permanently, but a bolt of lightning strikes her, knocking her down. Scenes cuts to a frontal shot of Zhu Li's former opponent charging at her while Varrick's aggressor gets up as well. Bolin, who was on higher ground, jumps off a small cliff, yelling angrily, and uses his lavabending to trap the two other tanks who were fighting Zhu Li. Zhu Li manages to jump out of the way of the wave of lava in the nick of time and her opponents are forced to abandon their vehicles as they melt into the lava. As Bolin traps them with earthbending against the wall, Baatar Jr.'s voice rights out and the camera pans upward to reveal him standing on the cliff, the visor of his tank down, holding Varrick by the head over the edge of the cliff.
Baatar Jr.: Stop! Turn yourself over, or else ...
Varrick:  Thanks a lot, Zhu Li.
</scene>

<scene>
Zhu Li's face contorts in anger as she averts her gaze, gritting her teeth. The scene cuts back to the prison where Asami is sitting at a table; a guard is escorting Hiroshi into the room. He sits at her table.
Hiroshi: You came back.
Asami: When I first came here, it was because I wanted to tell you face to face that I never wanted to see or hear from you again. I wanted my words to hurt you so that you would know how you hurt me.
Hiroshi: I'm sorry.
Asami: But when I saw you, it wasn't anger I felt. It was sadness. You tainted our past and destroyed our future together.
Hiroshi: I want to make amends.
Asami: I'm not sure I'll ever be able to forgive you. But that doesn't mean I shouldn't try.
She reaches down to her bag and pulls out a small Pai Sho board.
Asami: I thought we could play some Pai Sho. Like we used to.
Hiroshi:  Nothing ... would make me happier.
</scene>

<scene>
Fade away while they start their game. Cut to Kuvira's camp, where Baatar Jr. leads Varrick, Zhu Li, and Bolin through a doorway. The troopers push them through the entrance and they find themselves, to their horror, facing a furious Kuvira.
Bolin:  Don't ... torture us.
Kuvira:  Send these three away on the next train. Bolin and Zhu Li will be going to the reeducation camp for our most severe dissenters.  And you will continue work on the spirit-energy project, under close, armed supervision. I want it weaponized immediately. 
Zhu Li:  Please! Have mercy on me! Don't send me away! Take me back!
Kuvira:  Why would I?
Zhu Li:  Because my only mistake was being loyal to the wrong person. I was blindly devoted to Varrick, and I looked past all the times he ridiculed me, or ordered me around, or made me clean his disgusting feet--  --because I thought he possessed the most brilliant mind in the world. But when I met you, I realized I was wrong. Compared to you, Varrick's a fool.
Varrick:  Hey, come on! I'm right here!
Zhu Li: I believe in everything you've done, and I believe in your vision. I want to devote my life to you. I pledge my allegiance to you, Great Uniter.
Kuvira:  You two could learn something from her. Rise, Zhu Li. I'll give you another chance.
Varrick:  Think about what you're doing! We're partners! We have history!
Zhu Li:  I did everything you ever asked of me, and you never appreciated it!  Guards, do the thing!
Varrick:  No! Not the thing! Zhu Li!
</scene>

<scene>
The door slams shut as Varrick and the guards exit. Cut to Suyin's garden in Zaofu, where Baatar is anxiously pacing back and forth. Korra runs up to him.
Korra: Where's Su? I have to talk to her.
Baatar:  She's not here. She took Wing and Wei. They're going to sneak into Kuvira's camp and put an end to this.
Korra:  No!
Roll credits.
Main Bolin Korra Suyin Beifong Varrick Zhu Li Antagonists Baatar Jr. Kuvira Military of the Earth Empire: Minor Asami Sato Baatar Hiroshi Sato Huan Ikki Jinora Meelo Opal Beifong Pepper Raiko (flashback only) Tenzin (flashback only) Wei and Wing<scene>
Shiro Shinobi:  The Red Lotus has captured the Avatar. Korra gave herself up in exchange for the airbenders, but Zaheer double crossed her, while Ghazan trapped Team Avatar at the temple. All seems lost until Bolin saved their lives by lavabending. But he's not the only one with new skills. Zaheer unlocked the ancient airbending ability of flight. Will Team Avatar save the Air Nation and Korra before it's too late?
</scene>

<scene>
The scene opens to the cave where the Red Lotus held Korra as captive, chained and suspended in the middle of the cave with Zaheer and company standing in front of her on a viewing platform. Korra tries to break free of her chains.
Korra:  When I get out of here, none of you will survive!
Zaheer: You won't get out, unless the Metal Clan has taught you a way to bend platinum.  Once we administer this poison, your body will naturally react, forcing you into the Avatar State in an effort to keep you alive. Sadly for you, you'll be entering it for the last time.
Korra:  No! The Avatar Cycle.
Zaheer:  Yes. When we dispatch you in the Avatar State, the cycle will end.  So we lucky few, this band of brothers and sisters in anarchy, are witnessing the beginning of an era of true freedom. Together, we will forge a world without kings and queens, without borders or nations, where Man's only allegiance is to himself and those he loves. We will return to the true balance of natural order. And though you will never again be reborn, your name will echo throughout history: Korra, the last Avatar.
</scene>

<scene>
The scene zooms out, revealing Jinora's astral projection eavesdropping on the conversation. Jinora returns to her body, which was left behind with the other airbenders who are all chained to the floor of a cave.
Opal: Did you find any way to escape?
Jinora: No. Not yet. But don't worry, we'll find a way out soon.
Daw: They might not make it that long. 
Ikki: Korra will come and save us, right?
Jinora: I think we're gonna have to do this on our own.
</scene>

<scene>
The group turns back to see two Red Lotus guards securing the entrance. Cut back to Zaheer's cave.
Zaheer: Administer the poison.
The sentry bends the poison, splitting it into four portions and attaches a portion to each limb. He metalbends, causing the poison to diffuse into Korra's skin. Throughout the administration, Korra screams in agony and her eyes begin to glow momentarily.
Zaheer: Get ready. As soon as she's in the Avatar State, take her out.
Ming-Hua bends the tips of her water arms into ice, while Ghazan bends the floor beneath Korra into lava. Korra continues resisting the poison, entering and exiting the Avatar State.
Ghazan: Wait. Why isn't she staying in the Avatar State?
Zaheer: Give it time. She can't resist for long.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Lefty and Oogi flying across the mountain range.
Kai: The place where I saw them taking the airbenders is around here.
Mako: That's got to be where they took Korra.
Kai:  That's it. Down there, Lefty.
The team lands in front of the cave and dismount, with Tonraq and Bolin supporting Tenzin.
Tenzin: Find the airbenders, and my family.
Suyin: Don't worry. I'm not coming out without our children and the rest of your people.
</scene>

<scene>
The team enters the cave while Tenzin looks on. Cut to Zaheer's hideout where Korra continues resisting the poison.
Zaheer: It's working.
Korra continues entering and leaving the Avatar State, beginning to hallucinate.
Amon: I told you, Korra.  The world doesn't need you anymore.
Unalaq:  The time of the Avatar is over, Korra. Give up.
Vaatu:  You're too weak to resist, and I'm stronger than ever. There's no use fighting. Let go.
Amon, Unalaq, and Vaatu: Let go. Let go. Let go.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the Air Nomad caves where the airbenders are detained. Jinora nods to her sister.
Ikki: I'm thirsty!
Meelo: I gotta go pee.
Daw: Me too.
Red Lotus sentry #1: Hey! Keep it down over there, or you're all gonna end up like them. 
Pema: Sir, please. We just ask some water. There are children, and a baby here.
The sentry glances at his partner, who shrugs, before he brings the water to the airbenders. Jinora airbends at the sentry, covering his face with his robes, which causes the keys to fall off. Meelo airbends, throwing the keys to Opal, who catches and hides it out of view.
Red Lotus sentry #1: Oh, so you just called me over to attack me? Fine! Now nobody gets any water.  I don't know how we ended up in daycare while everyone else gets to watch the Avatar being destroyed. I can hold a bowl of poison!
Opal takes the keys and unlocks her cuffs.
Red Lotus sentry #2: Hey! What do you think you're doing?!
</scene>

<scene>
Before the sentry can act, he is knocked out cold by a rock. Cut to the attacker, which reveals to be Team Avatar. The other sentry bends two rocks at the team, who were protected by Suyin's bent wall. When the attack stops, Asami leaps over the wall and stuns the sentry.
Opal: Mom!
Suyin:  Oh, honey, I'm so glad you're safe.
Bolin:  Me too. 
Asami proceeds to free the remaining airbenders. Lin supports Bumi, while Kya is supported by two other airbenders. After Asami frees Jinora, she walks off, revealing Kai standing behind her.
Jinora:  You're alive!  I can't believe it.
Kai: Why? Just because I was blown out of the sky, and fell hundreds of feet down a cliff? Don't you know it takes more than that to get rid of me? 
Lin: We have to get these two out of here now. They don't look so good.
Bumi: What are you talking about? I feel great! 
Tonraq: You guys get everyone out of here. I'll search for Korra.
Mako: We're going with you.
Jinora: You don't have to search for her. I know exactly where she's being held.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Zaheer's cave where he waits for Korra to enter the Avatar State. Korra finally enters the state, creating a dome of air around her.
Zaheer: Now! Destroy the Avatar!
Ming-Hua sends an ice shard to Korra, who destroys it by breathing fire. Korra struggles and pulls off the chain on her right arm, swinging it toward Zaheer, followed by Ming-Hua. Zaheer dodged the attack, but Ming-Hua was caught off-guard and slammed against a wall, losing her water appendages in the meantime. Ghazan erupts lava toward Korra, who swings the chain around her arm before directing the lava flow with airbending back to Ghazan, causing him to retreat to avoid the lava. Korra rips off the chains on her legs and airbends herself away before propelling herself with firebending to rip off the final chain. She lands in front of Zaheer and bends four boulders and circle them around her before airbending to push the boulder away. The Red Lotus retreats to avoid the attacks. Korra breathes fire in fury while Tonraq, Mako and Bolin enter the cave.
Tonraq: Korra!
Korra breathes fires toward Zaheer, who dodges the attacks and flies out through the open roof. Korra propels fire from her feet and gives chase.
Tonraq: We have to help her.
Bolin:  Look out!
Mako:  You help Korra, we got this.
</scene>

<scene>
Zaheer flies out of the cave with Korra giving chase. Korra sends two boulders toward Zaheer. Zaheer dodges the attacks, but is pushed off by Korra. Zaheer grabs Korra and tosses her away, slamming her against a column, while Tenzin witnesses the fight. Korra slides down the column and charges toward Zaheer, who follows suit. Korra leaps across columns to regain her ground and circles a pillar, breaking it in the meantime and sending it to Zaheer, who dodges the attack. Cut to the surface.
Ikki: Daddy!
Tenzin: Oh, thank goodness you're all right. 
Pema: Honey, are you okay?
Tenzin: I'll be fine.
The airbenders walk out of the cave, placing Kya and Bumi onto the ground. Tonraq runs out of the cave.
Tonraq: We have to help Korra.
</scene>

<scene>
The whole group looks at the fight, with Korra slamming two pillars toward Zaheer, who dodges the attack. Korra sends three rocks at Zaheer and charges toward him. Cut to the caves where Mako firebends to Ming-Hua, who dodges the attacks and swings out of view. Mako chases her while his brother engages Ghazan. Bolin sends two rocks at Ghazan, who blocks the attack before using his wall against Bolin. Bolin smashes the attack, but Ghazan hides behind the wall and catches him. Bolin regains his ground and throws Ghazan away, who retaliates with two rocks. Bolin dodges the attacks, and smashes a rock.
Bolin: What are you smiling about?
Ghazan: I was just remembering the last time we fought. 
Bolin:  Well, a lot has changed since then.
Bolin directs the lava back to Ghazan, who dodges the attacks. Bolin winks smugly.
Ghazan: So that's how you got out of the temple. Not bad. Let's see what you got!
</scene>

<scene>
Ghazan sends multiple lava sprays toward Bolin, changing the scene to the aerial fight. Zaheer dodges bent rocks before flying away. Korra bends more rocks at Zaheer and manages to catch up. Korra flies toward the arch, before propelling herself up with earthbending. She attacks Zaheer with multiple fire blasts, while Zaheer retaliates with air blasts, landing a hit and throwing her onto the floor. Zaheer zooms past Korra, tossing her off the edge. Korra regains her ground and bends a large boulder toward Zaheer, slamming it against a mountain. Zaheer narrowly manages to avoid the attack and flies back to Korra. Korra lands atop a pool of water and directs whips toward Zaheer. Zaheer manages to dodge all the attacks, but is struck on the right leg. Korra freezes the water, causing him to lose altitude. Korra charges toward Zaheer, but the poison acts up and causes her to crash onto the mountain. Zaheer manages to smash the ice on his leg and flies back to Korra, who attempts to breathe fire, but is stopped by the poison.
Zaheer: You can't fight me and the poison.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the ground surface.
Kai: I can fly up on my bison to help her.
Lin: You'd never be able to keep up with Zaheer. He's too powerful.
Kai: We have to do something!
Bumi: How can he fly like that?
Tenzin: He's unlocked powers of airbending that haven't existed for thousands of years.
Jinora: There haven't been this many airbenders in one place for a long time either. We have power together.  Hurry, everyone form a circle! Follow me.
</scene>

<scene>
The airbenders follow Jinora and get into a circle. Jinora stands in the center and creates a small vortex that increases in size, while the airbenders create air gusts to the vortex, causing it to increase in size. Cut to the cave where Mako chases Ming-Hua, breaking off her water appendages. Ming-Hua trips and loses her appendages.
Mako: You have no water. It's over.
Ming-Hua: Not yet.
Ming-Hua jumps into a hole, avoiding Mako's fire blast. Mako follows into the hole, landing in a lake of water. He lights his wrist, turning to see Ming-Hua behind with eight large water appendages.
Ming-Hua: Now it's over!
</scene>

<scene>
Ming-Hua directs multiple water blasts at Mako, forcing the firebender to retreat. Mako stops for a while before leaping onto a stalagmite and shooting lighting at the water, electrocuting Ming-Hua. Cut to Mako looking in shock. Cut back to the cave where Bolin blocks Ghazan's lavabending with an earth wall before directing a lava flow to Ghazan. Ghazan leaps forward and lavabends, turning the wall behind Bolin into lava and directing it toward Bolin. Bolin retreats and leaps down, solidifying the lava. Ghazan intercepts Bolin and prepares to attack, but is stopped by Mako. Mako flies toward Ghazan, who tries to block Mako, but is knocked off by Mako's fire kick. Ghazan tries to regain his ground, but is constantly knocked back by the brothers.
Bolin: Give up, Ghazan! You can't win.
Ghazan: I'm never going back to prison. If I'm going down today, you're coming with me!
Ghazan punches the floor, causing rocks to fall down. He melts the walls around him and directs it downward.
Bolin: Mako, hang on!
</scene>

<scene>
Bolin creates a platform and the two brothers ride out of the cave, where they watch the cave collapse. Both brothers run out of the cave. Cut to Korra resisting the poison. Zaheer zooms past her multiple times to fully knock her out.
Zaheer: The poison has done its work. The Avatar Cycle will be over momentarily.
</scene>

<scene>
Zaheer starts to suffocate Korra, when he feels a gust of wind. He turns to see a large vortex approaching him. Cut to the surface where Mako and Bolin exit the cave, shielding themselves from the gust, where they see the airbenders at work. Cut to Jinora in the center of the vortex. Cut to the air where Korra, no longer held by Zaheer's bending, tumbles over. Zaheer flies out to grab Korra and tries to fly away, but is slowly being sucked in by the vortex. After multiple failed attempts to escape the vortex, he drops Korra and flies off, only to be caught by Korra who flails the chain and manages to catch him by the ankle. Korra drops down and flings Zaheer with her. The airbenders stop creating the vortex, while Korra succumbs to the poison and collapses. Jinora runs up to Korra, while the other airbenders look on with worry. Suyin and Lin trap Zaheer in an earth shell. Tonraq, Mako, Bolin and Asami run up to Korra.
Tonraq: Korra. Sweetheart. It's me, Dad. Please hang on.
Korra reaches out to her father, but faints, causing tears to well up on Tonraq's eyes. Zaheer cackles.
Lin: What are you laughing about?
Zaheer: You're too late! The poison has been in her system too long. The Red Lotus has won!
Jinora:  You can save her! The poison is metallic!
Suyin runs to Korra and holds her by the shoulder and forehead. She metalbends and pulls the poison from Korra's limbs, while everyone looks on in; worried. Suyin pulls the poison out of Korra's mouth, causing her to cough, before tossing the poison aside.
Korra: Dad. You're alive.
Tonraq: I'm here for you.  I'm never gonna let you go.
Zaheer: No! No! You don't understand! The revolution has already begun. Chaos is the natural order of- 
Bolin:  See what I did there? I put a sock in him, literally.
Opal: Classic Bolin.
Bolin: I do what I do.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a far shot of the entire group, before fading out and switching to Air Temple Island. Cut to the interior, where Asami takes a hairpin from her lips and inserts it into Korra's bunned hair.
Asami: There you go. All fixed up for a formal Avatar appearance.  Take a look.
Korra:  It's great. Thanks.
Asami:  You know, nobody expects you to bounce back right away. It's only been two weeks. You need time to heal.  I want you to know that I'm here for you. If you ever want to talk, or, anything. But let's just try to enjoy this today; for Jinora.
Korra: You're right.  Okay, let's go.
</scene>

<scene>
Asami wheels Korra out of her room. Cut to the outside where airbenders are entering a building up a flight of stairs. Asami wheels Korra in front of a crowd, and Lord Zuko bows to her. Korra nods back. Her mother runs forward to hug her.
Tonraq:  You look beautiful, sweetie. 
Tenzin: You're looking stronger everyday, Korra.
Raiko: I'd like to officially welcome you back to Republic City. I know that the last time we saw each other, it didn't end on the best terms. But I want to thank you for taking down those Red Lotus terrorists.
Asami: We should go inside.
Ikki:  I-I can help.
Meelo:  I want to ride with Korra.  Jinora's already inside. Smells like shoe trees.
Ikki:  Sandalwood, Meelo.
Lin: I got this.  Hang in there, kid. 
Raiko: She's not looking good.
Tonraq: Neither would you if you'd gone through what she had.
Tenzin: She'll be fine. She just needs time to heal. The poison took a great toll.
Raiko: Of course. I'm just saying, with the Earth Kingdom in complete disarray since the loss of the Queen ...
Zuko: And even with Zaheer locked up again, we still don't know how many Red Lotus members might be out there, hiding.
Raiko: Exactly. With the world getting more and more dangerous, we need the Avatar now more than ever. Who will protect us while she's in a wheelchair?
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the ceremonial hall where incense sticks are burning. Air Acolytes and many guests are seated, witnessing the ceremony, while airbenders stand on the stage. Jinora is in the middle, wearing a hood.
Tenzin: Jinora, come forward.  Today, we welcome the first airbending master in a generation. And I couldn't be more proud of my daughter.  When the existence of our people was threatened, when the Avatar's life hung in the balance, Jinora never gave up hope. Thanks to her leadership, I see a very bright future for the Air Nation. Of course, there would be no Air Nation without Avatar Korra: she opened the portals and somehow the world began anew for us. And she was even willing to lay down her own life in order to protect ours. There's no way we can ever repay her for all she's done. But we can follow her example of service and sacrifice. So while she recuperates, the Air Nation will reclaim its nomadic roots and roam the earth.  But unlike our ancestors, we will serve people of all nations, working wherever there is corruption and discord to restore balance and peace. Avatar Korra, I vow that we will do everything in our power to follow in your footsteps and bring harmony to the world.  Now, let us anoint the master who will help lead us in our new path.
Tenzin removes Jinora's hood, revealing her tattoos. Jinora removes the coat and stands up. The airbenders bend the smoke from the burning incense sticks, sounding the wind chimes around the hall. Jinora hugs her father. The audience claps while a tear rolls down Korra's cheek.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to credits.
Main Asami Bolin Jinora Kai Korra Lin Beifong Mako Suyin Beifong Tenzin Tonraq Antagonists Ghazan Ming-Hua Red Lotus sentries Zaheer: Minor Bumi Daw Ikki Kya Lefty Meelo Oogi Opal Beifong Otaku Pema Raiko Rohan Ryu Senna Yin Yung Zuko<scene>
Shiro Shinobi:  After Kuvira harvested spirit vines from the swamp, the vines in Republic City reacted by abducting people. Korra saved everyone, but all is not well. Varrick and Bolin returned to warn everyone about Kuvira's spirit vine super weapon. Now Raiko wants to mount a defense against the Earth Empire! Meanwhile, Bolin, Opal, and Lin are on a mission to rescue Su Beifong and her family, who are being held captive by Kuvira!
</scene>

<scene>
The scene opens to the camera, tracking left to right to show Opal's sky bison landing on the outskirts of Zaofu. Opal and Bolin get off the bison together.
Bolin: All right, let's do this!  Saving the Beifongs and saving our love, because I vow to repair the rift that has grown betwixt us and make us whole again!
Lin Beifong:  You. Zip it. Now. I had enough of your babble on the way in.
Bolin:  Yes, ma'am.
All three of them walk to the edge of the mountainside, crouching out of sight and looking down at the city.
Opal: Kuvira tore down all the domes. Why would she do that?
Lin:  She's got a whole battalion of troops stationed there. There's no way we'll be able to spot anything useful from here. We'll have to go in for a closer look.
A voice speaks from behind them and they all turns their heads; Toph Beifong is walking up behind them, speaking in a mater-of-fact tone.
Toph: Don't bother. All the prisoners have been moved.
Lin:  Uh ... hey, Chief.
Toph: Hey, Chief.
Opal:  Grandma Toph!
Toph: You were only up to my waist the last time we were together.
Bolin:  Oh, man! Ohh, I can't. This can't be happening! 
Toph: What?! Do you have to pee or something? 
Bolin: No ... well, now, maybe. You're my hero! My name is Bolin. I'm dating your granddaughter, I mean, kind of. I may have screwed that up, but that's why I'm here and you're my hero! Oh, I said that. Can I have a hug too?
Toph: What's up with him?
Lin: He's an actor. So, you already checked the city for Su? How did you know she was captured?
Toph: I've been living in the swamp and keeping watch on Zaofu through the vines.
Bolin: Sure, okay, makes sense.
Toph: By the time I got here, they were gone. I snooped around town and heard that they were taken away to some nearby prison camp.
Opal:  Where would that be?
Bolin:  There's a factory and reeducation facility not too far away.
Toph:  How do you know that?
Opal: Bolin used to work for Kuvira.
Toph:  How did you end up dating the kind of dipstick who works for Kuvira?
Bolin:  "Used to"!
Lin:  It's not his silver tongue, I can tell you that. 
Bolin:  Please tell me this attitude isn't hereditary.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a shot of Opal's bison panting as dark-green mucus drips from its nose. The bison proceeds to lick Opal.
Opal: Grandma, this is Juicy.
Toph:  And I thought Appa was smelly. Why would you choose this leaky, nasty thing?
Opal:  You don't choose your bison. He chooses you.  And once he chooses you, you can't change. Believe me, I checked.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to City Hall, Republic City. The shot shows the exterior, but Raiko's voice can be heard, from off-screen as the shot proceeds.
Raiko: The borders are secure and troops are guarding the rail lines into the city.  So what have you two geniuses come up with to fend off Kuvira?
Varrick:  It's a flying mecha suit!  Asami got the idea from watching dragonfly-hummingbirds. You can take off straight up, fly in any direction—
Raiko:  Where does the spirit ray come out?
Varrick:  It doesn't have a spirit ray. I'm telling you what I told Kuvira: That technology should not be used!
Raiko:  It's already being used by Kuvira! I need spirit vine weapons and I need them now!
Korra:  No. It was Kuvira's harvesting of the vines in the swamp that caused the Republic City vines to go crazy and grab all those people.
Raiko: You're supposed to be the bridge between the two worlds. Why can't you harvest the vines?
Korra: I won't do that. But maybe since the spirits love Republic City so much, I can convince them to help us defend it somehow.
Raiko:  Hm.
Wu: Okay, maybe while the weapon geniuses and the spirit bridge are getting ready for battle, we should be evacuating the ordinary citizens so that if Kuvira attacks, they won't be hurt.
Raiko:  That's ... actually a good idea.  Prince Wu, you work with the police to coordinate getting people out of the city. Now everyone get to it. I want daily updates.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to outside of council chamber. Mako walks with Wu.
Mako: Nice job in there. I'm proud of you. You're starting to act like the kind of king I'd like to work for.
Wu: Thanks.  And if Korra buys this "man of the people" thing, I still might get to date her.
Mako:  You always have to ruin it.
Wu: What? Come on! Why do you think guys do anything great? To pick up girls. Every work of art, every song, every city evacuation, all for the ladies. 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Kuvira's factory. Scene zooms in on the facility housing a large cannon.
Baatar Jr.:  All right, everybody, let's test the power core.  I want everything in order for the full demonstration for Kuvira tomorrow. Load the energy capsule.
The two mecha tanks lower a spirit vine capsule into the cannon.
Baatar Jr.: Zhu Li, initialize phase one.
</scene>

<scene>
Zhu Li pushes up a lever and a current runs through the spirit vine sample; coursing with energy, it begins to radiate its characteristic purplish glow. Cut to the opening of the cannon's turret, where an ball of purple energy has begun to materialize. As Baatar Jr. watches with silent satisfaction, the meters on the machine begin to go haywire while a warning light flashes and an alarm sounds.
Zhu Li: There's a problem with the condenser. It's backing up!
Baatar Jr.:  Shut it down.
Zhu Li:  I can't. The override isn't working. Everyone needs to evacuate. This thing is going to blow!
Baatar Jr.:  Everyone get out! Now!
The two scientists and mecha tanks jump over a rail to escape. Baatar Jr. and Zhu Li remain. The former opens up a box to check the cannon's circuitry.
Zhu Li: Come on, Baatar! It's too late!
Baatar Jr. reaches into the cannon's circuitry and shuts down the firing sequence. The vine sample in the capsule stops glowing and shrivels up. After searching for a few seconds, Baatar Jr. finds the reason for the malfunction and stares in disbelief at the cracked metal ring.
Baatar Jr.:  This channeling ring was cracked. That's what caused the reaction to overload.  Now we're taking this whole thing apart tonight and checking everything! Nothing is too small. This has to be ready by tomorrow.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a shot of Juicy flying over to the factory.
Bolin:  So how long as it been since you two have seen each other?
Toph:  Little while now. Couple of years. 
Lin: Try twenty.
Toph: Ah, time flies when you get to be my age. I'm surprised you came to save Su. I thought you guys didn't get along.
Lin:  Su and I finally worked out our old grievances.
Toph:  Good, glad we can put all that behind us.
Lin:  Right. "We".
</scene>

<scene>
Juicy touches down behind some rocks on the outskirts of the factory. Cut to view of factory.
Bolin:  Okay, there's the factory.
</scene>

<scene>
The group reaches the factory and Toph metalbends an opening in the wall. After she, Opal, Bolin, and Lin enter, the opening is metalbent shut just before a mecha tank on patrol passes by. Cut to inside the factory where the group continues to hide behind boxes to maintain stealth.
Bolin:  Whoa, that's one big ... thing.
Toph:  I think I know where they are. Feel that cavern a few stories down? It seems empty, but it's guarded by an awful lot of mech.
Lin:  Right. Why would you need soldiers guarding an empty cavern? They must have them in some kind of suspended prison, so they can't use their earthbending. 
Bolin: Someone's coming. Hide!
The doors open to reveal Kuvira, who is escorted by a pair of mecha tanks. They stand before the cannon. Baatar Jr., Zhu Li, and some associates walk up behind them.
Baatar Jr.: I didn't expect you until tomorrow.
Kuvira:  I just wanted to check in to make sure everything was on track. It looks wonderful.
Baatar Jr.: We've had a few minor malfunctions, but we should be ready for the test tomorrow.
Kuvira:  You've been working on this the entire time, Zhu Li. What do you think the problem is?
Zhu Li: It's a very complex machine. There are bound to be some bugs to work out.
Kuvira: But you're doing everything you can to fix those, correct?
Zhu Li: Of course, your eminence.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Toph, Bolin, Lin, and Opal.
Toph: She's lying. 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut back to Kuvira, who is addressing her subordinates.
Kuvira: Tell the troops and the factory workers to attend tomorrow's demonstration. I want them all to witness this incredible new weapon in action.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Opal, Lin, Toph, and Bolin, who leave the scene. Scene changes to the outskirts of the factory.
Opal:  We should be thinking of a way to take out Kuvira while we have the chance.
Bolin: Or at least destroy the cannon. If she takes that to Republic City, it could obliterate everything.
Toph: I didn't come to fight with Kuvira or destroy a cannon. I'm here to save my family.  It will take everything we have just to get out alive. 
Bolin:  Hmm. Kuvira wants every single one of her people to see the weapon test tomorrow, so the factory will be mostly empty then. That's our best chance to sneak in and free Su without being spotted.
Opal:  Good thinking, Bolin.
Bolin: Thanks.  I kind of have a headache now.
</scene>

<scene>
Scene changes to Republic City's Spirit Wilds. Korra walks along and sees a small yellow spirit with two leaves on its head.
Korra:  Excuse me, spirit? Can I talk to ...  and you're gone.  Just like all the other spirits.  They're abandoning the city.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to an overhead view of Lin, Opal, Bolin, and Toph gathered around a stone table.
Bolin:  So let me ask you about metalbending. Su tried to teach me, but I couldn't get the hang of it.
Toph:  I used to have an academy to train metalbending. Even blockheads like you can figure it out with the right instruction.
Lin: Yeah, you're a real sensitive instructor.
Bolin: I did learn how to lavabend.
Toph:  Really? It's a very rare ability.  Maybe you do have some talent.
Bolin:  I can't believe ... you think I'm talented?  That means so much to me coming from my hero.
Lin: Yeah, she's real encouraging.
Toph: Hey! I'm blind, not deaf.
Bolin: So here's something I've always been curious about: Who's Lin's dad?
Lin whirls around with her eyebrows furrowed and her lips pursed. A moment of silence ensues.
Toph: He was a guy named Kanto. Nice man, but it didn't really work out between us.
Bolin: And ...  okay.
Toph: Lin, I can feel your enraged breathing from here. Just say what you have to say and let's get it over with.
Lin:  Just get it over with? Yeah, let's not linger on the fact that I grew up without a dad. No need to get all touchy-feely about it. Just one of those things, right?
Toph: Hey, I forgave you for all your garbage a long time ago and Su and I worked things out.  You're the only one who wants to hold on to this family drama nonsense  for the rest of your life. 
Lin:  Forgave me for what?!  And not knowing my dad is nonsense to you?  It was pretty important to me.  And until now, you would never even discuss it. You know, after Su and I patched things up, I thought, "maybe I should try to reach out to mom."  But now that we're together again, I remember why we stopped talking.  You make me furious  and you don't even know why. And when I tell you, you don't care.  Once we save Su, you and I are finished.
Toph:  If that's your decision and it makes you happy, then fine.
</scene>

<scene>
Lin crosses her arms while Bolin continues to eat his noodles. Cut to the interior of Kuvira's factory. It is dark, but the wheels of the vehicle upon which the cannon rests are visible. The doors suddenly open, allowing the light outside to illuminate the chamber. The vehicle begins to crawl outside. Opal lands on a vantage point overlooking the cannon. She whispers into a two-way radio.
Opal: The test is about to start. They're going to blow up that empty town we flew over yesterday.  You're clear to go.
Lin:  Copy that.  We're clear to go.
</scene>

<scene>
Lin, Toph, and Bolin jump into a pit. The scene changes to an underground chamber; Toph opens up a hole in the rock to allow an entry into the prison. Cut to an underside view of a wooden container suspended in midair by ropes. Cut back to Bolin, Toph, and Lin who are analyzing the container.
Toph:  The guards are on the other side of that door.  We'll have to be quiet.
Lin:  Shoot me over to the cage  and I can swing them back on my cable.  Bolin, you'll have to catch them since mom won't be able to see them.  Ready?
</scene>

<scene>
Toph walks to the side and she and Bolin both earthbend a rock column to propel Lin into the air, who lands on top of the wooden cage. It shakes from the impact and the prisoners all grunt from the motion. Cut to a guard, who bursts through the door on the other side of the cavern and looks up at the shaking wooden cage suspiciously. It stills and the guard turns around to leave, closing the door behind him. Toph uses earthbending to create another opening from which Bolin can catch the prisoners. Cut to the inside of the cage and pan up to see Lin having cleaved an opening from the top.
Lin: We'll get you out one at a time. Come on.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut back to an underside view of the cage; Lin lowers Wei to Bolin, who catches him.
Bolin: I got you!
</scene>

<scene>
Wei pats Bolin on the cheek, to the latter's surprise. Cut back to the surface, where Kuvira's subordinates have gathered at the cannon to hear her speak.
Kuvira: Congratulations on all of your hard work.  This weapon is proof that the Earth Empire is the strongest nation in the world. And believe me, this is only the beginning!  Fire the weapon.
</scene>

<scene>
Baatar Jr. pushes up the lever to commence the cannon's firing sequence. The spirit vine in the capsule begins to glow purple. Cut to Baatar, Zhu Li, and Kuvira observing the weapon. Suddenly, an alarm sounds, surprising the three.
Kuvira: What's wrong?
Baatar Jr.:  Probably something minor.  I should be able to find the problem.  The distributor pin is gone.  I swear I locked it in place yesterday. There's no way it could have just fallen out. 
Kuvira: And this could cause the entire weapon to fail?
Baatar Jr.: It could cause it to explode.
Kuvira:  What do you know about this?
Kuvira approaches Zhu Li, who begins to back away into the control panel.
Zhu Li: Nothing.
Kuvira:  You swore your loyalty to me and I gave you a chance at greatness.  This is how you repay me?!
Zhu Li:  You're a monster. I regret nothing.
Kuvira:  Chain her up in the target town. She can see how the weapon works  up close and personal.
Opal:  Oh, no.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut back to underground prison. All the prisoners have been freed save for Suyin and Baatar.
Suyin:  Sweetie, it'll be fine. Lin won't drop you and Bolin will catch you.
Baatar:  No, no. Just go. Just leave me. I'll stay here. 
Lin:  Sorry, but I have to do this.
</scene>

<scene>
Lin metalbends a cable around Baatar's right leg. Cut to Baatar swinging upside down from Lin's cable while screaming. The noise alerts the guard, who activates an alarm. A mecha tank steps behind him to assist. Cut to the wooden cage, where Suyin looks to the guard with worry; cut back to Baatar, who has landed in Bolin's arms, whimpering. Cut to Kuvira, who hears the alarm and whirls to face one of her guards.
Kuvira: The prison. Get there now!
Baatar Jr.: Should we postpone the test?
Kuvira: I didn't come all this way to stop now. Fire when ready. I want to see that town destroyed.
</scene>

<scene>
Scene shifts back to the prison, where the mecha tank assaults Lin and Suyin with its flamethrower. Lin uses her metal cables to sever two of the ropes keeping the cage suspended. The cage begins to swing to the side of the cavern where the other prisoners landed and Lin and Suyin both leap from the cage to reunite with the rest. Suyin hugs Toph.
Bolin:  We got 'em. We're coming out.
</scene>

<scene>
Scene shifts to the surface, where Lin, Bolin, and Suyin emerge from a hole and observe their surroundings before bursting out with the others. Suyin sees Opal, who glides down and pulls out her bison whistle to summon Juicy.
Opal: Mom! Dad!  Thank you. 
Lin:  Let's move.
Opal: Kuvira caught Zhu Li and threw her in the town.
Bolin: What?  No, I have to go save her.
Lin: You can't go in there, kid. It's suicide. Kuvira's onto us.
Bolin: We've been through too much together. I can't leave her. Toph, you said Zhu Li was lying about fixing the cannon. She must have been trying to stop it.
Toph: For all you know, she could just have been covering her butt because she made a mistake.
Bolin:  No, Zhu Li doesn't make mistakes. You guys leave. If we make it out, we'll make it to the city somehow.
Opal: Bolin, no!  You guys get out of here. I have to go with Bolin. 
Suyin:  Could be our best chance to stop Kuvira.
Lin:  Maybe take out that weapon.
Wing: We can't let Opal be the coolest!
Toph: If you all want to get yourselves captured again or worse, that's your business. I'm through.
Suyin:  Watch out for Baatar Sr. and Huan. 
Baatar: So how have you been, mother?
Toph: I told you never to call me that. 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Republic City with a back view of Korra. Cut to a close-up of her face, eyes closed in concentration. Korra meditates into the Spirit World, finding herself at the Tree of Time, where multiple spirits have gathered.
Korra: Spirits, this is the Avatar.  Please listen to me.  Since I opened the portals, spirits and humans have lived happily together in Republic City. It's all I could have hoped for. I know you felt the effects of Kuvira cutting down spirit vines. But now isn't the time for you to flee the city.  It's time for you to help me save it from Kuvira, who was perverting spirit power to use as a weapon against other humans. 
Dragon eel spirit: We don't  get involved with human wars.
Korra: Spirits worked with Unalaq.
Dragon eel spirit: He was misusing Vaatu's power during Harmonic Convergence to force spirits to fight you. Is that what you want?
Korra: No, but as the Avatar, I'm hoping that you will come to my aid to save the new world we all share.
Dragon eel spirit:  What you want is exactly what Kuvira wants: to use spirits as a weapon in a human war.  The answer is no.
Korra: Wait! Please, listen.  If spirits and humans are gonna live together, we have to work with each other! 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut back to Kuvira's factory. The cannon's turret slides into place, focusing its sights on the town. Baatar Jr. pushes up the lever to fire the weapon and looks through a pair of binoculars. He spies Opal, Bolin, and Juicy near Zhu Li.
Baatar Jr.:  Opal? No!  We have to stop the test!
The cannon continues to gather energy, but before the blast is released, earthbending pummels the side of the cannon, knocking it to one side, disrupting its aim. The beam punches a smoldering hole into a rock face directly behind Bolin, Opal, Juicy, and Zhu Li. The group regards the hole in shock.
Opal: Whoa.
Kuvira looks for the source of the disruption and spots Suyin, Lin, Wei, and Wing. The Beifongs exchange blows with Kuvira's soldiers, but the battle reaches a stalemate with both sides hiding behind earth walls. Seeing an opening, Suyin goes to engage Kuvira atop the cannon, but her former protégée manages to stand her ground. Suyin is knocked from the tank by Kuvira, but Wei and Wing help their mother retreat. However, the Beifongs are eventually surrounded by Kuvira's soldiers and mecha tanks. Before the group is captured, however, the earth beneath the soldiers and tanks shifts and knocks them all down. The Beifongs turn around and realize that Toph returned to save them. She is accompanied by Baatar, Huan, Juicy, Opal, Bolin, and Zhu Li.
Toph:  You give metalbenders a bad name!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a close-up of Kuvira as she processes Toph's words. Her gaze shifts up while the whoosh of Juicy's takeoff is heard. Cut to a back-view of Kuvira as she watching the bison depart with Bolin, Zhu Li, and the Beifongs. Cut to Bolin, Zhu Li, and Lin staring back at the site with concern. Scene shifts to the group in a forested area.
Suyin: Thanks for coming to save us, Mom.
Lin: Yeah, thanks, Chief.  I'm sorry for what I said last night. I was just ... you know.
Toph: Look, I know I wasn't a great mother, but one way or another, I ended up with two great kids. Good enough to risk my bony old butt for, anyway. If you can just find some way not to hate me, maybe that's enough, at least for me.
Lin: Me too. 
Bolin: You know, I never had any family except for my brother  until a few years ago,  and reuniting with them made me realize how special it is.
Toph: Argh, enough!  Enjoy the ride back to the city  with the gum flapper here.
Opal: Aren't you coming back to Republic City with us, Grandma?
Toph: No, my fighting days are over. Don't tell Korra, but my back is killing me now. This is why you didn't see Katara messing with that civil war nonsense. At some point, you gotta leave it to the kids. 
Zhu Li: I want to thank you for coming back to save me. And don't be too hard on Bolin for working with Kuvira. His heart was in the right place.
Opal:  I think Bolin has worked his way out of the polar bear doghouse. 
Bolin:  Yes! 
Zhu Li: We should get going. I'm afraid I have bad news to deliver to Republic City.  Kuvira is going to attack in two weeks.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a shocked Suyin, Lin, Bolin, and Opal.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to credits.
Main Bolin Korra Lin Beifong Opal Beifong Toph Beifong Suyin Beifong Zhu Li Antagonists Baatar Jr. Kuvira Military of the Earth Empire: Minor Asami Sato Baatar Dragon eel spirit Huan Juicy Mako Raiko Tenzin Varrick Wei Wing Wu<scene>
Admit mistakes when they occur and seek to restore honor. This page requires editing to meet Avatar Wiki's quality standards.
Shiro Shinobi:  The Avatar has gone missing. After President Raiko refused Korra's request to aid the South in the war of the Water Tribes, she headed to the Fire Nation, seeking a new ally against Unalaq. But unbeknownst to her friends, a dark spirit attacked Korra and dragged her into the ocean. She has washed up on a desolate island with no memory of who she is.
</scene>

<scene>
The episode opens to an upward shot of the moving sky and the top of the trees. Cut to a facial shot of Korra, her tired eyes half-lidded and the shadows of the trees passing over her face. Switch to a far off shot of three members of the Bhanti, two of them carrying a stretcher, running toward the Bhanti Village Temple. Cut to a backshot of an old woman inside the temple who turns around. Switch to a shot from over her shoulder, revealing the three tribesmen entering the temple.
Female Sage: We found the Avatar washed up onshore, but she doesn't remember anything.
Male Sages put Korra on the table.
Korra:  Raava. Raava. Raava.
Shaman:  A dark energy has infected her. We must purge it before it destroys her Avatar Spirit.  Let the waters cleanse the darkness that plagues your spirit.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a wider shot of the cavern below, constructed by hexagonal rock formations. As Korra is lowered down, the camera follows her. The large pool of water is lit with light shining up from below. Cut to a shot from underneath the water as Korra touches the surface, the hammock keeping her face above water. Cut to a close-up of Korra and zoom in to an extreme close-up. In the water, the camera zooms in to a close-up of Korra's eyes. As she opens them, she is in a dreamworld, surrounded by a purple light. She is looking at her own image, engulfed in a blue light.
Korra: Who are you?
Korra's image: I am you.
Korra: Who am I?
Aang's image:  You are the Avatar.
Korra: I don't know what that is.
Roku's image:  In order to remember, you must regain your connection with your Avatar Spirit.
Kyoshi's image:  If you don't, darkness will engulf the world. You will die, and our era will end.
Korra: How do I regain my connection?
Kuruk's image:  Go back.  Return to the beginning. Find Raava. 
Korra:  Are you Raava?
Wan's image:  No, but I can help you find her. My name is Wan, and I will show you how I became the first Avatar.
</scene>

<scene>
The scene transitions as the shot stays on a close up of Wan that becomes clearer. The background fades into a street and Wan is now running with a confident grin and a bag in his hand. Side-shot of three very similar looking brothers, one short, one medium sized, and one tall, each holding a guan dao glaive of a matching size as they chase after Wan.
Little Chou:  Nobody steals from the Chou brothers!
Wan: Really? Because I just did.
Big Chou: You're dead, Wan. 
Wan:  Actually, I feel quite alive.
</scene>

<scene>
The Chou Brothers run up to the railing. Cut to a side-shot of a house. Wan drops in from above, face first, and grabs hold of a clothesline, which breaks his fall and swings him back up. Wan hides in an alcove as the Chou Brothers come crashing down screaming, tearing all the clotheslines down with them. Cut to the ground on which the three brothers land hard, a sheet floating down upon them. Wan lands on them to cushion his fall and runs away. Cut to a frontal shot of Wan running, a grin plastered on his face. Switch to a side-shot as Wan runs over a bridge, scaring a flock of birds in the process to take flight. The Chou Brothers run onto the bridge after him.
Little Chou: Hey, stop!
</scene>

<scene>
The birds drop droppings on the Chous, causing them to slide to a halt. Cut to a closer side-shot. The brothers, only their mouths uncovered, stare angrily to their side, toward the camera. Cut to a shot of Wan dropping down on a roof. He jumps toward a wooden bar, around which he turns and somersaults off on the next roof. He runs it down, jumps on a lower located roof on which he tumbles. He jumps again to another roof, but starts to slow down to a walk. Cut to a downward angle of a balcony as Wan slides down the roof tiles of a last house and lands on the balcony. Cut to a closer shot on ground level as he sits down and rummages through the bag with his left hand, his tongue sticking out in anticipation. He pulls out a roll, but just as he is about to take a bite from it, Big Chou lands in front of the camera, and it zooms out from between his legs. Cut to a shot of Big Chou as his two brothers appear from behind him and it zooms out.
Wan:  He-he-hey, fellas!  You're just in time for lunch! 
Little Chou:  I told you no one steals from us.
</scene>

<scene>
Big Chou takes Wan by the collar and easily lifts him in the air with one hand while glaring at him. Wan nervously laughs at him. Cut to a side-shot as a screaming Wan flies by, having been thrown off the wall. He disappears behind a tree. Cut to a side-shot of a pigsty. Wan comes flying in and lands in the mud, rousing the interest of a nearby standing moo-sow. He sits erect, disgustedly wiping the mud out of his face. Disheartedly, he looks to his right where the animal is sniffing at him. Cut to an overview shot of the entire city slowly panning down. A tree house is visible among the tree branches of the surrounding forest. Cut to a closer shot of the city's houses panning down to the forest and eventually the tree house as Wan enters it. Switch to a view from the inside out, revealing a young man sitting on the ground on the left, watching Wan climb through the door.
Jaya:  Did you steal from the Chous again?
Wan:  Yeah, and I got to nothing show for it except a few dirty rolls and a whole lot of bruises.  Hey, Yao, I got some food for you. 
Yao: Mmm. Delicious!  Thank you, Wan.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the previous shot with Jaya as two skunk squirrels, a peacock pigeon, and a woodpecker lizard enter the house as Wan sits down in front of them. Cut to a shot of the animals from over Wan's shoulder as they all look at him and his roll.
Wan: You guys are hungry too, huh? 
Jaya: Wan, you should eat.
Wan:  They need it more than I do.  Besides, I'm tired of eating scraps.  If only there was some way to get into the Chous' food cellar. We'd be eating like, well, like Chous.
Jaya: If Chou the Elder catches you sneaking into his palace, you'll end up dead. Or worse, he'll banish you to the Spirit Wilds.
Yao: No, don't get banished.  You don't want nothing to do with those spirits. They'll get inside ya, scramble up your mind, turn you into this , a monster! 
Jaya: Don't do anything crazy, Wan. You just gotta accept the world is the way it is. Some people have power. Some people don't. And you don't.
Wan:  Not yet, anyway.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a partly aerial shot of the city square.
Huntsman: Are you strong?  Are you fearless? Do you have what it takes to battle the spirits? Then join the hunt.
Wan: Count me in. 
Huntsman: We're going to be out in the wilds for a week. You wouldn't last two seconds.
Wan:  I can handle myself.  We all get fire, right?
Huntsman: Yeah, but do you know how to use it?
Wan: Well, not exactly, but I-
Hunter #2:  Ah, let him come. Not like we got any other volunteers lining up. 
Huntsman:  All right. Welcome to the hunt.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to outside the city. Cut to a extreme wide shot of the city. The hunting party is walking up to the lion turtle. At a cliff, they stop, and the huntsman blows on his horn. The lion turtle emerges upon hearing the call.
Wan:  The lion turtle.
Huntsman: Great guardian of our city, we are venturing into the Spirit Wilds to bring back food for our people. Please, grant us the power of fire.
Lion turtle:  The power is yours to keep until your return.
Huntsman: You're first, kid.
Lion turtle: May the element of fire protect you against the spirits.
Wan tests out his newly-received ability by punching in front of him. The blast he creates sends him tumbling backward. He comes to a stop among the other hunters while the head huntsman steps forward.
Huntsman: Just make sure you aim at the spirits, not us, okay?
Wan: Sure thing.
Huntsman: Everyone, stay close. Spirits love to pick off stragglers.
Wan: Uh, guys?  I don't think I can do this.
Huntsman: Now, quit your whining. We haven't even seen a spirit yet.
Wan:  I think I wanna go home.
Huntsman:  I knew you were nothing but a sniveling coward. Go give your fire back to the lion turtle,  and don't ever show your face around me again.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a frontal shot of a sad-looking Wan with the hunting party leaving behind him. He looks after them over his shoulder, though as he faces forward again, the camera pans to the right with him and his frown shifts into a smirk. He walks away while slightly raising his right fist in confidence. Scene cuts to a high angle shot of the tree house as Wan returns. A side-shot of the inside of the tree house where Jaya was playing Pai Sho with Yao.
Jaya: Wan, you're back.
Yao:  What goodies did you snatch for us this time?
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a front shot of Wan demonstrating his ability to firebend by extending his hand, causing a small flame to appear in his palm much to Jaya's surprise. Cut to a shot from Wan's point of views. Yao yelps in shock and crouches back into a corner, shielding himself. Wan closes his palm, extinguishing the flame.
Jaya:  What did you do? You can't steal from the lion turtle.
Wan:  Really?  Because I just did. 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a frontal shot of the city at night. The camera pans down to find Wan and his friends as they make their way to the Chou estate.
Jaya:  You know it's forbidden to bring the power of the element into the city. Please, go back to the lion turtle and return the fire.
Wan: Jaya, it's time to stop being so afraid of the Chous and show them we have the power to change things.
</scene>

<scene>
He takes out his mask from his bag and put it on. He turns to leave. The rest of the group follow his example, though their masks are all the same, save for Jaya's. Cut to a shot of the Chou family's palace, the group having gathered before its gates. The camera zooms in a bit and switches to a side-shot of the group as Wan steps forward.
Wan: Hey, Chous! Open the gate, and let us in.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a side-shot of the balcony with Chou the Elder walking toward the railing, his three sons in tow. He stops and looks down.
Chou the Elder: What are those filthy peasants  doing here?
Big Chou: Don't worry father. We'll take care of them.
</scene>

<scene>
The Chou brothers turn around, leaving their father to continue to look down. The camera pans slightly to the right to follow the brothers' exit. Cut to a side-shot of Wan, as he lowers his head from looking up to looking to his front. Switch to a shot from over the group's head as the Chou brothers emerge from the palace's gates. The line up before the doors, which close immediately again.
Wan:  Hand over all the food you're hoarding,  and we won't give you any trouble.
Big Chou:  You're not getting past us.  We have the weapons.  You're powerless.
Wan:  Powerless, huh?
</scene>

<scene>
Switch to a side-shot. The Chou brothers all raise their weapon toward the group and slide in a battle stance. As they charge the group, Wan raises both his hands and his left knee. He takes a good step forward and thrusts his hands toward the incoming brothers, firebending at them. The brothers jump out of the way to either side of the blast, sliding over the floor. The blast crashed against the palace's gate. Cut to a frontal shot from right after the gate as the fire consumes it and breaks it open, leaving the group standing right in front of the open door.
Wan:  Follow me!
</scene>

<scene>
The group runs through the broken doors. Cut to an aerial shot as they reach the courtyard. Switch to a shot on ground level as Wan surges forward to breaks down the door to the food cellar with his firebending. As soon as the fire dies down, the other raiders run op to the now wide-open building.
Wan:  Grab as much food as you can. 
Jaya:  Maybe you're right.  Maybe we do have the power to change things.
Palace guard: Stop right there!
</scene>

<scene>
Wan turns to see over his right shoulder. Cut to an aerial shot of the Chou brothers approaching with ten armed guards.
Jaya:  Looks like the Chous found backup.
Wan:  Get everyone out of here. I'll hold them off.
</scene>

<scene>
As Jaya turns to run with the other raiders, Wan surges forward. Cut to a side-shot of the two parties. Wan leaps forward and scatters the troops with a powerful firebending blast. He throws another blast to keep two soldiers at bay. Switch to a frontal shot of Wan as a soldier comes at him with his spear aimed at Wan's chest. Wan grabs hold of the weapon and uses it to turn and swing his attacker against Big Chou, who was standing behind him. He uses his own momentum to keep on turned and hurl the weapon away. As his back is turned to the camera, Little Chou seizes his moment and jumps onto Wan, clasping on tight. Cut to an aerial shot as Wan tries to toss his assailant. He firebends in a circle to keep the four people surrounding him at bay. He manages to throw Little Chou, though the guy held on to Wan's mask and took it with him. Cut to a ground shot of the smallest brother rolling over the ground. Little Chou comes to a halt. He sits up on his knees and immediately raises his hands in defeat.
Little Chou: No, please! Have mercy!
</scene>

<scene>
He looks up. Switch to his point of view to find that it is Wan looming over him with a fire ball readied in his right hand. Cut to a close-up of a shocked and surprised Little Chou.
Little Chou: Wan?
</scene>

<scene>
Cut back to the low angle shot of Wan. Wan's resolve wavers and he snuffs out the fire in his hand as well as the fiery circle surrounding them. As soon as the way is cleared again, Wan is instantly tackled to the ground by two guards jumping at him from his left. Cut to a still surprised Little Chou who regains his composure and gets to his feet. Cut to a further off shot of Wan being held and pulled to his feet. They are surrounded by the soldiers and the two other Chou brothers.
Little Chou:  Even when you have the power,  you're afraid to use it.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a close-up of Wan who angrily looks down on Little Chou, but slants his eyes to his left in a sad defeat. Scene cuts to a far side-shot outside the city in front of the lion turtle as Wan, the Chous, and soldiers stand on the outcropping before it. Cut to a shot from behind Wan, who is held by his arms by a soldier standing on each side of him, with the Chou family standing in front of the lion turtle.
Chou the Elder: Tell me who else was involved in the rebellion, and I might take mercy on you.
Wan:  I'm not telling you anything.
Chou the Elder:  Then, you've left me no choice.  Wan, you are hereby banished.
Little Chou: Yeah!  And give back the fire you stole.
Wan: No! Wait. Great lion turtle, I am sorry for stealing the fire from you, and I accept my punishment. But please, I need to be able to protect myself in the wilds.
Lion turtle:  Never again may you return to this city.  But  I will allow you to keep the power of the element.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a back shot of Wan being shoved out of the city. He looks back at his city one more time before hanging his head in sadness and walks away to the Spirit Wilds as the sun sets. Scene shifts to the walls as Yao and Jaya watch.
Yao:  Bet he doesn't last  till morning.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a panning left shot of Wan walking down a path in the forest far in the background, the camera looking between two tree trunks in the foreground. Wan nervously hikes along and flings fire at any spirit he thinks is a threat. He backs up into a tree and hears a shrill voice.
Frog spirit: Hey,  watch where you're stepping, human!
Wan: Who said that?
Frog spirit: Down here!  How'd you like it if I started walking all over you?
Wan:  You're just a little frog.
Frog spirit:  Who's little now? 
</scene>

<scene>
Wan runs off screaming as the frog spirit tries to whip him with his tongue. Cut to Wan as he looks back as he walks backward to a Venus flytrap. The plant suddenly eats him. It lifts its mouth while Wan tries to get out of there by punching through but to no avail. He finally gets out by firebending inside the flytrap's mouth that burps him out, along with a large cloud of smoke, and Wan quickly runs away. Cut to a shot of the dark night sky before tilting down to the tree tops. Three green, tadpole-like spirits fly past the camera before the shot pans to ground level. A tiny green spirit with a puffball body, bird-like legs, and a long beak lands on the ground and jumps off camera. In the background, Wan runs into view and falls down on his back, catching his breath. Cut to a shot of Wan from above as he collapses on the grass out of exhaustion. Much to Wan's surprise, the grass underneath him appears to be alive and swiftly wraps itself around him, dragging him into the ground. He narrowly escapes with firebending, scorching a patch of the grass, frantically climbs out, and runs off while panicking. Scene shifts to the sky as night turns into day. Scene shifts to a close-up of a sleepless and weary Wan. His appearance haggard, covered in dirt and having dark circles under his eyes from a lack of sleep. He is visibly shaken, looking left and right for any signs of danger. Cut to a low angle shot of Wan's lower body from the side as he trudges onward. He stops once his stomach growls and makes his way over to a tree that he believes to be carrying fruit. He tries eating it only to discover that it is a nest of hornets.
Wan:  Get off me! Get off me!
</scene>

<scene>
Wan runs directly at the camera. Cut to a shot of his back as he runs away and right off a cliff. Cut to a side-shot of the cliff as Wan is painfully tumbling it down. He is thrown off an outcropping and falls further down. Cut to a shot on ground level as he slides to a halt, groaning and looking all disheveled. As he looks up, he sees a peaceful looking oasis with fruit trees. He walks over to it, but as he attempts to cross the bridge, a spirit appears out of nowhere in front of him and shoves him back.
Aye-aye spirit:  You are not welcome in my oasis, human.
Wan: Please, help me. I'm starving and I haven't slept all night.
Aye-aye spirit: Not my problem.
Wan:  Let me pass. 
Aye-aye spirit: You dare use fire against me?  Now, be gone with you!
</scene>

<scene>
Throws Wan to a bush. Wan walks out of the bush with the aye-aye spirit blinking while looking annoyed, followed by an uninterested expression as the spirit walks away. Wan hangs his head in defeat and walks away. Cut to a side-shot of Wan as he walks away depressed. Wan turns to the screen with a confused look for a moment which changes to one of surprise. Cut to a partly aerial shot of a parade of spirits marching in. Wan hides in a bush in fear. Cut to a aerial shot of the spirit parade going to the oasis. Cut to a shot of the spirits relaxing. Cut to a shot of Wan's surprised face. He smiles as an idea forms. He emerges from the bush disguised as a bush spirit, joining in an attempt to enter the oasis. Cut to a shot of the aye-aye as the spirits pass by the camera in the foreground. Wan approaches the spirit. The aye-aye spirit narrows his eyes at Wan in suspicion.
Aye-aye spirit: And who might you be?
Wan:  I am Bushy, the Bush Spirit. And I would like the enter your oasis.
Aye-aye spirit:  Very well.  You may pass.  Wait a second.  Something stinks.  I knew I smelled a human!
</scene>

<scene>
Wan's face turns blue and sweats nervously before shrugging nervously with a very big, sheepish grin. The camera quickly zooms out. The aye-aye spirit picks up Wan and throws him in the water.
Wan:  Come on, let me in, just for a little while.
Aye-aye spirit: No! Go back to your lion turtle.
Wan: Believe me, I'd love to go back home. But I can't. I was kicked out.
Friendly spirit #1: That's too bad.
Friendly spirit #2: Poor human.
Aye-aye spirit: Don't pity him. He's just like every other human: ugly, destructive, and lacking any respect for nature.
Wan: Who are you calling ugly, Ugly?
Aye-aye spirit:  Mmm.
Friendly spirit #1: If you can't go back to your city, then you should go live in another one.
Wan:  What? There are other lion turtles?
Aye-aye spirit:  "There are other lion turtles?"  Of course there are,  dozens of them! Boy, you humans are stupid, too.
Wan: So which way to the nearest lion turtle city?
Aye-aye spirit:  Hmm. I think it's on the other side of none-of-your-business valley. 
Wan: Real funny. You know what? I don't need your help. I'll find it myself.
</scene>

<scene>
Turns around and walks away. Cut to in front of Wan with the spirits on the bridge in the background. Wan takes a few steps and suddenly falls into a deeper part of the pond, disappearing from view. One of the kind spirits, a tall green one with four arms, a white, mask like face, and leaves for hair, waves goodbye.
Friendly spirit #2:  Good luck!
Dissolves to a far wide shot of Wan, who keeps walking until he comes across a cat deer caught in a net. Wan, intent on cooking the animal, produces a flame in each hand, but decides against this idea as he approaches the animal, who is giving him a sad and pleading stare.
Wan:  It's okay. I'm gonna get you out of there.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a high angle shot as Wan climbs the tree to cut down the net that is holding the cat deer. However, before he can take action, the four hunters he was supposed to join earlier arrive.
Huntsman: Finally, we caught something.  Get it down.
</scene>

<scene>
He and the hunters start jogging toward it. Wan steps out from behind the tree trunk and onto the branch. Cut to a low angle shot of Wan from the front.
Wan: Back off.
Huntsman: Wan? What are you doing here?
Wan: I'm saving this animal.
Huntsman: That animal's our dinner. Now, get out of the way.
Wan: No!
Wan jumps out of the tree while firebending at the hunters and a chase through the Spirit Wilds commences, with Wan using the many dangers of the forest to his advantage.
Hunter #3: Ahh! He-help! Help! 
Wan runs past a tree with hornet nests, grabs two, and flings them at the hunters
Hunter #4:  Get 'em off! Get 'em off!  Ahh!
Wan runs on, evading the fire blasts the last two remaining hunters throw at him, until he is hit. The force of the blast catapults him in the air, where he smacks against a branch and falls barely conscious on the ground, enabling his pursuers to catch up witch him.
Huntsman: Well, looks like you're all out of tricks, Wan.
The aye-aye spirit appears behind the huntsman and possesses the second hunter, who starts partially transforming into the spirit's likeness.
Aye-aye spirit: I. Really. Hate. Humans!
Huntsman:  No, no! 
The aye-aye spirit leaves the hunter's body. The man groans, but upon noticing his deformed hands, starts feeling up his face. Realizing he now looks partly like an aye-aye, he runs away screaming as well. The aye-aye behind him watches him go with a uninterested look.
Aye-aye spirit: I don't know what he's screaming about.  He's better looking now.
The aye-aye spirit carries Wan back to the oasis and places him in spirit water, which heals Wan's wounds.
Wan: I feel great. What's in this water?
Aye-aye spirit: It has special healing properties.
Wan:  Thanks.  So what did you do to that hunter?
Aye-aye spirit: Spirits are able to take over a human body for a short time. If I stayed in there any longer, I would've killed him, which I did consider.
Wan: Thanks for saving my neck. But why'd you do it?
Aye-aye spirit: I saw you save the cat deer from those hunters. I've never seen such an act of selflessness from a human before.
Wan: Told you I wasn't like the others. 
Aye-aye spirit: Guess I underestimated you, human.
Friendly spirit #2: Are you off to find another lion turtle city?
Wan: I was. But I think I've had enough of humans for a while. I've decided to stay here and learn the ways of the spirits.
Friendly spirit #1: What a great idea.
Friendly spirit #2: That'll be fun.
Aye-aye spirit: Oh, now, now, hold on. A human living with spirits? It's never been done.
Wan: First time for everything, right?
Aye-aye spirit: Hmm. I guess we can try it. I've never had a human as a pet before. I think I'll call you "Stinky."
Wan: The name is Wan.
Aye-aye spirit: Stinky is more accurate.
</scene>

<scene>
Scene shifts to the fire lion turtle city's square as the huntsman returns alone.
Citizen #1: What happened in the wilds?
Citizen #2: Where are the others?
Huntsman: Gone. Spirits took them.  They were protecting that kid, Wan, like he was one of their own.
Jaya:  Did you hear that?  Wan's still alive.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a shot of a white dragon flying in the air in a figure-eight motion. It swoops downward and the camera follows it toward ground level. Wan is firebending and performing the Dancing Dragon technique, moving toward the right of the camera as the dragon flies right. Wan's spirit friends are in the background, including the giant frog spirit. They clap and cheer for Wan as he moves out of frame. Cut to a medium shot of Wan continuing the form, with the dragon flying in the background. Wan turns and bends fire at the camera, while at the same time the dragon swoops at the camera. The dragon's body fills the frame and once it passes, the scene transitions to a shot of an older Wan, his hair now longer and hanging, and with a scruff of hair on his chin. He is in a battle stance in front of the oasis. Cut to a view of Wan's back, showing the hunters standing on the other side of the bridge, whom Wan wards off by redirecting their fire.
Huntsman:  And the way Wan moves fire, it's like nothing I've ever seen.  He uses it like it's an extension of his body.
</scene>

<scene>
The huntsman frowns and readies to attack. Side-shot of the hunters as they throw their fire. Camera follows the fire as it reaches Wan who redirects it and throws it to the ground near the hunters, making them fall over. They stand up and run away. Cut to Wan standing in front of the oasis. The spirits show up and gather around him cheering. Wan downs cup of tea given to him by one of the spirits in victory. Cut to a side-view of the fire lion turtle city.
Jaya:  Wan has proved that with the power of fire, anyone can survive in the wilds.  We don't have to live under Chou the Elder's rules anymore, so I say we leave this city and start over.  Who's with me?
</scene>

<scene>
The crowd cheers. Dissolve to a far panning left shot from the side of the lion turtle. They all receive firebending from the lion turtle before leaving toward the Spirit Wilds. Cut to Wan at the Spirit Oasis. The cat deer has a traveling pack and a saddle. Wan scratches its neck, and it tilts its head and purrs.
Wan:  You ready to go, Mula?
Aye-aye spirit: You sure you want to leave?
Wan: Yes. It's time I see the rest of the world and find the other lion turtle cities.
Aye-aye spirit: I'm proud to call you my friend, Stinky.
Wan:  Thank you for everything.  Goodbye, everyone.
Friendly spirit #1:  We'll miss you.
</scene>

<scene>
Wan rides away from the oasis. Cut to several nature scenes through which Wan travels, covering the passage of a day, until he reaches a stream where he encounters a parade of spirits running away in the same direction.
Random spirit #1: The all-powerful spirits are battling!
Random spirit #2: They're gonna wipe out the entire valley!
Wan goes to investigate what is causing the stampede. He reaches a clearing where two large spirits, a black and a white one, are locked in battle, destroying their surroundings as they go. Wan runs up to them and firebends at them, drawing the spirits' attention.
Wan: Stop, or you'll destroy everything!
Raava: This doesn't concern you, human!
Wan: It does when the lives of spirits and animals are in danger.
Vaatu: If you're a friend to spirits, then use your fire to help me break free.
Raava: Don't involve the human. This is between us.
Vaatu: Please, save me. She has tormented me for ten thousand years.
Wan:  Ten thousand years?  Let him go!
Wan firebends at the spirits, but is tossed aside by Raava. As he emerges out of the bushes again, he notices that the two spirits are only connected with one another by one tentacle. He firebends at that connection, severing it. As soon as they're separated, Vaatu flies away to rest atop a nearby mountain, while Raava screams and shrinks slightly.
Vaatu: Thank you, human. You have performed a great service for the spirits. 
Raava:  Do you realize what you've done?
Wan: Yeah, I helped a spirit who was being bullied by you.
Raava: You are gravely mistaken. I was keeping him under control.
Wan:  And what gives you the right?
Raava: You don't even know who I am, do you?
Wan: Should I?
Raava: Yes. My name is Raava.  That spirit you freed is Vaatu.  He is the force of darkness and chaos. I am the force of light and peace. Since the beginning of time, we have battled over the fate of this world.  And for the past ten thousand years, I have kept darkness under control and the world in balance,  until you came along.
Wan:  So, by freeing Vaatu, I let chaos into the world?
Raava:  Precisely. The human and spirit realms are headed toward annihilation,  and it's all your fault.
Korra:  Raava.  I found you.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to credits.
Main Aye-aye spirit Jaya Lion turtle Wan Yao Antagonists Chou family Big Chou Chou the Elder Medium Chou Little Chou Hunters Huntsman Vaatu: Minor Aang Female Sage Frog spirit Karu Kind spirits Korra Kuruk Kyoshi Mula Raava Roku Shaman<scene>
Shiro Shinobi:  The new Air Nation is in jeopardy. In an effort to force Korra to surrender herself, Zaheer ambushed the Northern Air Temple. Tenzin, Bumi, and Kya attempted to hold off the Red Lotus, but were injured in battle. The airbenders were unable to escape and everyone was taken captive except Kai. Now Korra and Team Avatar race to the temple hoping to mount a rescue.
</scene>

<scene>
The scene opens to Suyin's airship flying above several mountain ranges.
Suyin:  I say we make our approach from the west, drop down from the airship on cables, ambush these Red Lotus low-lives before they know what hit them.
Lin: It will never work. That Combustion Lady will pick us off one by one.
Suyin: You have a better idea on how to save the airbenders?
Lin: Yeah. We come up from the valley, scale the side of the mountain and take them off guard.
Tonraq: That could work.
Suyin: And give them the high ground? No, if their lavabender spots us, he'll melt the mountainside and us with it.
Bolin: Wait, I've got it. I'll disguise myself as a lost hiker, and once I'm in the temple, I'll distract the Red Lotus with my bird calls.  That's when you all strike.
Mako: Bird calls, really?
Bolin: Well I haven't noticed you offering any suggestions.
Korra: It doesn't matter. None of these ideas will work. The second Zaheer realizes we're up to something, he'll wipe out the airbenders.
Suyin: And Opal is one of those airbenders. Believe me, I understand what's at stake.
Korra: Then I'll think you agree that the only plan that will work is for me to give myself up.
Mako: What?
Lin: Korra, no.
Tonraq: We'll figure out another way.
Korra: I talked it over with Lord Zuko, and I've given it a lot of thought. I have to do this.
Asami: You can't expect us to sit by and let Zaheer take you.
Korra: The world has been out of balance for far too long: it needs the Air Nation back again. I can't let Zaheer destroy it and everyone we love. Help me save the airbenders, then you can worry about saving me.
Tonraq:  We're with you, Korra.
Suyin: Yes, whatever you need, they're here.
Korra: I'll go radio Zaheer.
</scene>

<scene>
Korra walks out of the meeting room. Cut to the Northern Air Temple radio room.
Korra: Zaheer, are you there? It's me.
Zaheer: I've been waiting for your call. So, do we have a deal?
Korra: Yes. You release the airbenders, and then I'll turn myself over.
Zaheer: And take away the only leverage I have? No. I can't do that. Listen carefully, here's what I need you to do.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the airship meeting room where Mako is seated, while Bolin walks past him.
Mako:  Will you sit down? I'm already tense enough as it is.
Bolin: I'm just worried about Opal, and Pabu's not here to comfort me.  I hope he and Naga are doing okay back in Zaofu.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Zaofu where Naga and Pabu tug at Mako's scarf. Naga stands up, leaving Pabu hanging at the end of the scarf. Yin runs into the room.
Yin: No, not Mako's scarf! Bad dog and rat thingy! I'm very disappointed in you two. 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut back to the airship where Korra re-enters the room.
Tonraq: Did you speak to Zaheer?
Korra:  Yes. He told me to come to the top of Laghima's Peak at noon, alone. Once he has me, he'll release the airbenders over to you at the temple.
Suyin: I think I figured a way to play this so that the airbenders and Korra all come out in one piece.
Lin: How?
Suyin: Zaheer doesn't know how many of us there are, so we have the numbers advantage. I say we split into two teams:  Mako, Bolin and Asami will take the airship up to the temple.  Meanwhile, my metalbenders, Tonraq, Lin, and I will get in position below Laghima's Peak.
</scene>

<scene>
Korra nods in agreement to the plan. Cut to the air temple, where Zaheer is meditating.
Zaheer: Let go your earthly tether. Enter the void. Empty and become wind. Empty and become wind. 
P'Li: The airbenders are secured.
Zaheer: Thank you, P'Li. For everything.
P'Li: Of course. 
Zaheer: I want you to know:  not one day went by in that prison when I didn't think of you.
P'Li:  The years apart only made my love for you stronger. And deep down I knew you would find a way to get me out. Just like you saved me from becoming that warlord's killing machine when I was a girl.  You've shown me what true freedom means.
Zaheer: And after today,  we'll show the entire world what it means. No more prisons, no more running.
P'Li: I love you, Zaheer.
Zaheer: I love you too. 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Laghima's Peak with Suyin's airship at the bottom. Tonraq and Suyin seen walking outside, with Lin talking to the Team Avatar on the mouth of the airship.
Lin:  Radio the second you see those airbenders.
Mako: I will, Chief. Good luck.
Lin nods to Mako before walking out. Korra hugs Asami.
Asami: Be careful, Korra.
Korra: You too.
Korra hugs Mako, when she lets go, Bolin hugs her, sobbing. Korra walks out of the airship before it takes off.
Tonraq: Korra.
Korra: Don't worry, Dad. I'll be all right.
Tonraq:  I just want you to know how proud I am of you. The risk you're taking to save the Air Nation will be remembered for generations.
Korra: I love you, Dad.
Tonraq: I love you too, sweetheart.
Korra:  And Dad, watch out for Zaheer. He's not very fond of world leaders.
Tonraq: I can handle him. Just stay focused on your mission.
</scene>

<scene>
Tonraq and the metalbenders scale up the mountain until they are obscured from view by the clouds. Korra opens her glider and flies up the mountain. Cut to the Northern Air Temple as the airship approaches. Cut to the interior where Mako and Bolin survey the damage.
Bolin: Oh, man.
Mako: Must have been some fight.
Korra: Mako, did you see the airbenders?
Mako: Not yet. We're just arriving. Don't turn yourself over until I get a visual on them.
Asami steers the airship to the temple, while Bolin ties the tethering ropes. Both approach the temple to see Ghazan awaiting them.
Ghazan: This way.  You want the airbenders, or not?
</scene>

<scene>
Ghazan walks into the temple, which Team Avatar follows. Cut to Korra flying toward Laghima's Peak, where Zaheer and P'Li are waiting.
Zaheer: Drop your staff and surrender yourself.  Don't make me come get you.
</scene>

<scene>
Korra remains defiant and remains still. Cut to the Northern Air Temple where Ghazan leads Team Avatar to the captured airbenders, where Tenzin is chained to the floor and gagged, while the other airbenders are bound up and hooded.
Korra: Mako, what's going on?
Mako: They're here. And so is the lavabender.
Korra: Tell Ghazan to let the airbenders go.
Zaheer: Not 'til you turn yourself over. This isn't a negotiation.  Wipe them out!
Korra: No! Wait. I'm coming.
Zaheer:  Stand down.
P'Li and Korra walk up to each other. Korra drops her staff and radio, while P'Li cuffs her wrists and ankles.
P'Li: Don't bother trying to metalbend out of these: they're platinum.
</scene>

<scene>
P'Li pushes Korra toward Zaheer. Cut to the temple.
Zaheer: We have her.
Ghazan gestures to Team Avatar, who run toward Tenzin. Tenzin shakes his head.
Asami: It's okay, Tenzin. We're about to get you out of here.
Mako walks up to the airbenders, only to see them collapse into a pool of water and Ming-Hua seated among the decoys. Ming-Hua rushes to attack Team Avatar, which Mako blocks the attack with fire.
Mako: Korra, it was a trick! They're not here. Don't turn yourself over!
Korra: We had a deal!
</scene>

<scene>
Korra struggles against her restraints and airbends with her feet, separating Zaheer and P'Li. Cut to Lin on the mountainside.
Mako: Chief, get Korra out of there. Now!
Lin: Go! Go!
</scene>

<scene>
The metalbenders ascend the mountain. Cut to the peak where Korra firebends and earthbends at Zaheer, who dodges all the attacks. Korra tries to regain her ground, but is stopped by her shackles. Zaheer airbends her off her feet and slams her down with an air blast. Cut back to the mountainside where the metalbenders reach the peak, engaging P'Li.
P'Li: Get the Avatar on the airship. I'll deal with them.
</scene>

<scene>
P'Li runs forward directs a combustion beam at the metalbenders. Lin manages to dodge the attack, but two metalbenders were thrown off the peak and fire a cable to ascend the peak again. Lin dodges another combustion beam and sends two earth slabs to P'Li. Suyin joins in a sends another slab. P'Li destroys a slab with combustion and avoids the other two. Cut to the airship where Zaheer pushes Korra into the airship. Tonraq climbs up the airship and attacks Zaheer. Korra dodges the attack and falls off the airship. Tonraq catches Korra with waterbending and throws her toward Zaheer, where she sends a point-blank fire kick. Zaheer protects himself with airbending, but is thrown back. Tonraq cuts the tethering ropes with his water whips, causing the airship to fly off.
Tonraq: Nowhere to go, Zaheer!
</scene>

<scene>
Tonraq directs his whips to Zaheer, changing the scene to the Northern Air Temple where Ming-Hua scales the walls, landing next to Ghazan. Ghazan directs lava to Bolin, who blocks with an earth column. Mako runs up and firebends, while Asami tends to Tenzin.
Asami: Where're the airbenders?
Tenzin: I don't know. Zaheer moved them out of the temple.
Mako firebends at Ming-Hua, who stops the attack with her water arms.
Ming-Hua: Won't you just bury them already?
Ghazan leaps forward, lavabending a large portion of the floor, before spreading it across the room. As they exit, Ghazan lavabends the exit path. Asami looks on in fear, as she picks Tenzin's shackles with her hairpin.
Asami: Come on.  We have to get to the airship.
Bolin: Not gonna happen. The exit's blocked.
Bolin bends the tiles beneath, forming a barricade to stop the lava flow. A pillar collapses. Tenzin groans, prompting Mako to run up and support him.
Asami: Where's Oogi?
Tenzin: Gone. All the bison got scared off during the attack. But, I think I know another way out. Bolin, can you get us to that wall?
Bolin: On it!
</scene>

<scene>
Bolin bends the wall behind them. Cut to the temple exterior, where Ghazan lavabends the entire exit path before taking over Suyin's airship with Ming-Hua. As the airship takes off, a portion of the garden collapses. Cut to Team Avatar escaping to a meditation room. Bolin notices the lava approaching and blocks off the flow.
Tenzin: Through there.
Bolin opens the floor board and the group enters the tunnel, where Mako firebends to provide some light.
Bolin:  Is it just me, or is it uh, getting really warm in here?  Oh, this is not good.  Let's move it, people!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Laghima's Peak with P'Li bombards the metalbenders out. Korra kicks a boulder to Zaheer while Tonraq whips the water. Zaheer airbends the assault and creates a wind gust to Tonraq. He dodges, waterbends the water to attack Zaheer. The boulder flew toward Zaheer, but he easily dodges and punches some air gusts to Tonraq until he falls down. Korra stands up, creating some earth cracks which the airbender dodges. Tonraq bends an ice spear on his forearm, with his remaining water supply, and attempts to stab Zaheer, who dodges his attack and manages to ensnare Tonraq in a small tornado.
Zaheer: Say hello to the Earth Queen for me. 
Korra: Dad!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to P'Li as she directs combustion attacks toward Suyin, who dodges the attacks before regrouping with her half-sister, who has already taken cover.
Suyin: We're pinned down.
Lin: I'm gonna draw her fire. You take her out.
Suyin: Lin. No.
P'Li directs combustion beams to the half-sisters, who shield themselves.
Lin: I love you.  Come and get me, you Third-Eyed Freak!
</scene>

<scene>
Lin leaps up the slope to avoid P'Li's combustion beam before retaliating with an earth slap. P'Li destroys the slab while Suyin glances out looking for the right moment. Lin sends two earth slabs to P'Li, who dodges and retaliates with combustion beams. Lin dodges the attack and bends an earth wall to protect herself from another beam, but is knocked toward the edge. Lin props herself up. While P'Li prepares to finish Lin, Suyin runs out of her cover and bends her armor toward P'Li's head, containing the blast. Cut to Zaheer who turns back in horror, staring at the resulting explosion.
Zaheer:  P'Li!
Zaheer looks at the fight sadly, while Korra, seizing the moment to distraction, firebends at Zaheer. Zaheer dodges the attack and sends an air blast to Korra, knocking her out. Zaheer carries Korra and walks to the edge, watching the unmanned airship fly off. Suyin and Lin ascend the peak, landing behind Zaheer.
Suyin: It's over, Zaheer.
Zaheer: Let go your earthly tether.
Lin: Release the Avatar.
Zaheer: Enter the void.
Suyin: This is your last warning!
Zaheer: Empty, and become wind. 
Lin: No! Stop!
The half-sisters run up to the edge, where they see Zaheer floating in mid-air. Both fire cables at Zaheer, who dodges the attack and flies off to Suyin's airship.
Lin:  Did he just, fly?
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the airship where Zaheer zooms past.
Ghazan: Guess he doesn't need a ride.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the mountainside where Kuvira clings on with one of her cables, while Tonraq grabs on to the other, while he sees the Red Lotus fleeing with his daughter.
Tonraq: Korra.
</scene>

<scene>
Zaheer flies past the temple. Cut to the temple tunnel.
Bolin:  We can't outrun it! This way.
</scene>

<scene>
Bolin bends a tunnel on the side of the path, the group enters the tunnel before the lava approaches them. Cut to the mountainside as a rock falls off from Bolin's bending.
Mako: Now what?
The group turns back to see the lava approaching the tunnel. Bolin walks toward the lava and stretches out his hands.
Mako: Bolin!
As Bolin groans, the lava flies above him. He brings his hands together, pushing the lava back and solidifying it.
Tenzin: Incredible.
Mako:  You're a lavabender.
Bolin: I know. I just found out.
Kai:  Hey, you guys need a lift?
Tenzin: Kai. You're all right.
Kai: More or less. Everyone hop on.
</scene>

<scene>
Tenzin climbs onto the bison first, followed by Asami. Mako follows suit, causing the bison to lose altitude. As Bolin climbs onto Lefty, it groans from the impact. The bison subsequently leaves the temple. Tenzin looks back sadly as the temple begins to collapse. Cut to the mountain foot where Kuvira bandages Tonraq.
Tonraq: I owe you my life. Thank you, Captain.
Kuvira: You can call me, Kuvira.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a far shot of the temporary camp, where everyone hears Bolin's bird calls. Suyin stands up and points in the direction of the calls. Lefty flies toward the camp, landing heavily and tossing Bolin off mount. Suyin and Lin rush forward to help Team Avatar.
Kai: Hey everybody, there's something I got to tell you.
Lin: How did you guys make it out of the temple alive?
Mako: It was all Bolin. I thought we were done for, then out of nowhere, he lavabends.
Suyin: I knew you had the potential for something big. You just had to believe in yourself.
Bolin: You're right. Being moments from death was a pretty good motivator too. Of course, we would have never made it back with Kai.
Kai: Glad I could help. So anyway-
Tenzin: Did Zaheer get away with Korra?
Lin: I'm afraid so.
Suyin: Apparently, he can fly now.
Tenzin: What?
Asami: How?
Bolin: Are you sure?
Lin: I wouldn't believe it either if I hadn't seen it for myself.
Tenzin: I've heard the legends about Guru Laghima's ability to fly. I'd never imagine they were true.
Tonraq: So what's our next move?
Kai: I have an idea.
Lin: Not right now, kid! We need to figure out where Zaheer took Korra.
Tenzin: And find the airbenders.
Kai:  That's what I've been trying to tell you.  I know where the airbenders are, and I bet it's where Korra is too.
Mako: Well, why didn't you say something? 
Tenzin: Where are they? How did you find them?
Kai: After I got blasted out the sky, I woke up on the side of the mountain,  where this little fellow found me. I tried to sneak back into the temple, to see if I could rescue anyone, and that's when I saw the airship leaving. I followed it into some caves a few miles from here. The giant lady and some people put the airbenders into the caves.
Lin: Was it Ghazan and Ming-Hua?
Kai: No, there were four more of them. They didn't look familiar.
Mako: Must be more Red Lotus members than we thought.
Kai: I couldn't fight them on my own, so I came back here, hoping you guys would show up.
Lin: We need to get to those caves.
Kai: How? I don't think we can all fit on my bison.
A shadow flies above the group. The group looks up to see Oogi.
Tenzin: Oogi!  I'm glad to see you too, old friend.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the entire team mounting atop Oogi, while the Metal Clan nurse their wounds. Kuvira walks up to Oogi.
Kuvira: I want to come with you.
Suyin: No, Kuvira. Stay with the injured. We'll be back for you once we have the Avatar. 
Mako:  Hey. Um, I appreciate you coming back for us. Sorry for ever giving you a hard time.
Kai: That's okay. I probably deserved it.
Mako: Yeah, you kind of did.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the mountain range as Oogi follows Lefty. Cut to the Red Lotus' hideout, where Zaheer is seated cross-legged while levitating. Ming-Hua and Ghazan approach him.
Ming-Hua: Why didn't you ever tell us you could fly?
Zaheer: I wasn't sure I could. Only one other airbender in history had the ability.
Ghazan:  How did you figure out how to do it?
Zaheer: I found true freedom. I am no longer bound to this earth by worldly desires. I have entered the void.
Ming-Hua:  Where's P'Li?
Zaheer:  She sacrificed her life for our cause. Now let's make sure it wasn't in vain.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a cave with the Red Lotus insignia paint on it. Zoom out to reveal Korra chained on all four limbs. Zaheer, Ming-Hua, Ghazan and two Red Lotus member enter the cave. Korra regains consciousness and gasps.
Korra: You. You killed my father! 
Zaheer: I understand your grief. I also lost someone I loved today. But your pain will soon be over.  Bring the poison.
</scene>

<scene>
Two Red Lotus members walk forward, causing Korra to gasp in fear. One member bends out the poison, which is a silvery-black liquid. Cut to Korra who looks on in horror.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to credits.
Main Asami Bolin Kai Korra Lin Beifong Mako Suyin Beifong Tenzin Tonraq Antagonists Ghazan Ming-Hua P'Li Red Lotus sentries Zaheer: Minor Kuvira Lefty Naga Oogi Pabu Several Metal Clan guards Yin<scene>
Shiro Shinobi:  The Earth Empire has invaded the United Republic! After Kuvira demonstrated the power of her spirit energy weapon, President Raiko surrendered the city, but the Avatar refused to give up without a fight. Korra held Baatar Jr. hostage, hoping to force Kuvira to back down, but the plan failed and she fired on Team Avatar's hideout. Can anything or anyone stop Kuvira and her mecha giant?
</scene>

<scene>
The scene opens on a massive heap of rubble, what remains of the Future Industries warehouse after its impact with the energy cannon. As ash rains down through the air and smoke rises into the sky, a large slab of concrete begins to quiver and shake; the higher end of the slab rises into the air, revealing Bolin straining to bend it upward beneath it. The other people trapped by the explosion escape as he keeps the wall at bay.
Bolin:  Go ahead, take your time, just bending a giant wall! Man, have we got a lot of people hurt!  Is that everybody?! Gah!
</scene>

<scene>
Bolin drops the huge slab of concrete, throwing himself out of its way as it crashes back down. Cut to Tenzin as he airbends himself up to the top of a building and rushes to its edge; the view pans right as Tenzin uses it as a vantage point, showing the giant mecha wading through the bay and, to its right, a battalion of normal-sized mecha suits marching across the bay on a bridge. After a quick cut to the horde of mecha suits, the shot returns to Tenzin as he stares in horror at the oncoming horde, before running from his vantage and returning to the others, landing in the middle of the group gathered in a crater of rubble nearby.
Tenzin:  Kuvira is heading our way, with a platoon of mecha suits!
Asami: What should we do?
Bolin: This is my hometown and I hate to say it, but there's no use risking all our lives to fight that giant thing! Let her take the city for now! We'll think of some way to come back and beat her!
Mako: What about all the people who haven't been evacuated yet? If Kuvira finds out that Wu is with them, she might fire that spirit cannon at him and take them all out.
As Mako speaks, the shot pans right to show Suyin, the still-unconscious Baatar Jr., Wei, Wing, and Korra. when Korra speaks, all their eyes turn to her.
Korra: I couldn't stop Kuvira from taking Zaofu. I'm not letting her conquer Republic City. The world isn't safe as long as she has that weapon.
A firm, driven voice suddenly speaks from the top of the rubble crater on Korra's left and the members of the group all turn to see Lin standing atop it.
Lin: I agree. We take down that giant today.
Korra: Lin!
Lin:  Glad to see you all made it out. You had me worried.
Varrick: Well, you benders are going to have to fight her alone. She just blew up our factory with all our hummingbird suits.
Asami: Not all of them. There are the prototypes back at my office. If we can get those ready to fly, we'll at least be able to offer a little air support.
Korra: Su, you take Baatar Jr. and the rest of the wounded back to Asami's office. Get those suits working as soon as you can. The rest of us will just have to face Kuvira on our own.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the train station, where a tremor causes debris to rain down from the ceiling above. The evacuees gathered begin to panic and Pema climbs onto a bench and yells to the crowd, trying to restore calm.
Pema: Everyone, please settle down. The trains should be returning to pick us up soon.
Evacuee:  Tell that mecha jerk to settle down. She's the one blowing up the whole city!
Train conductor:  I hate to be the bearer of more bad news, but I just heard on the radio that Kuvira's army has destroyed the train tracks. We're not getting out of the city by rail.
Tu:  Everyone! I was just up on the observation deck and saw a bunch of mecha suit soldiers heading this way!
Evacuee: Oh great! The giant one wasn't enough?! It's over! We're all gonna get blown to bits!
Wu jumps onto the bench behind the conductor; the excess of people standing on the small bench causes Tu, on the opposite side, to nearly lose his balance.
Wu: Listen everyone, I can get us out of here if you just sit tight.  Can you step off the bench, please? It's a little crowded up here.
Train conductor:  Sure. I'm only the conductor. No one needs me on the bench.
Wu: Just stay calm. I'll be right back.  Come on.
Evacuee:  Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Where are you going?
Wu:  I'm going to get some help.  You think you can handle this unruly mob for a little while?
Pema:  I raised Meelo. I can handle anything.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a deserted street city street. The only people visible are Korra, Bolin, Mako, Lin, Ikki, and Meelo as they race down it. The shot cuts to the interior of a paint store, looking out through the front glass window, as the group runs past. Meelo, the last to run by, suddenly stops and returns to the window.
Meelo: A paint store? That's it! 
Lin:  What are you doing, Meelo?
Meelo:  I just got an idea how to beat the giant. Now, everyone, grab some paint and find me some balloons!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a wide shot of some of the city's buildings. The mecha suit's crashing can be heard in the background as the shot pans up to reveal the mecha suit itself walking through the streets. Cut to a driven-looking Kuvira in the cockpit, followed by a nearby rooftop, where the feet of many airbenders run across its surface and throw themselves into the empty air beyond, taking flight with bright-green balloons filled with paint strapped to their bodies. They arrange themselves in formation and and bear down on the mecha suit. Cut to a shot, seen as though through binoculars, of the oncoming airbenders, before switching to Kuvira's soldier observing the scenario in that manner from the cockpit.
Soldier: Airbenders approaching.
Kuvira: I see them.
</scene>

<scene>
Manipulating the controls, Kuvira turns the mecha suit to face the airbenders and points the cannon toward them. Taking careful aim, she fires the weapon, scattering the airbenders as the beam passes them by and impacts a building beyond, causing an explosion which pierces a hole through it and severs the top from the bottom. The airbenders fall out of the sky, landing on rooftops before taking flight again. As the airbenders swarm around the mecha suit, it flails its non-weaponized arm in an attempt to swat the airbenders away. Pan to the ground where Lin, Wei, Wing, Mako and Bolin stare up at the mecha suit, large spools of wire at the ready. Cut to Meelo who dodges a swat from the arm before landing on the outstretched arm and running across the body, airbending the balloons from his suit and holding them in midair, spinning them around his head.
Meelo: Bombs away!
</scene>

<scene>
Meelo throws his balloons to the mecha suit's target crosshair, covering it with purple paint. The airbenders follow suit and cover the remaining windows. In front of the unmoving mecha, Korra airbends herself onto the roof; the shot cuts briefly to her as she stands there, glaring at the massive machine in front of her with disdain. Cut to an outside view of the cockpit, airbenders still swarming around it, followed by the interior of the cockpit itself as Kuvira's vision becomes almost completely obscured by the paint.
Kuvira: Clear the glass!
</scene>

<scene>
On the outside, nozzles spray water on the windows. Cut to Tenzin as he lands on a nearby tile roof, taking cover and yelling to the others.
Tenzin: Now!
Lin swings onto the mecha suit's right ankle and tries to metalbend the joints. The endeavor is unsuccessful and she yells back to Bolin as he stands with the spools of wire nearby.
Lin: The joints are platinum, too! We can't metalbend any of it!
As Lin and the twins dismount from the mecha suit, Bolin advances on it, catapulting himself into the air.
Bolin: You're about to get the world's largest hot foot, metal lady!
</scene>

<scene>
Landing in front of the mecha suit's left foot, he lavabends the street beneath it. He spreads the lava until the entire space under the foot is lava, causing the mecha suit's foot to sink into it and become unstable. Cut to the mecha suit's interior as Kuvira loses her balance. Cut to the outside as Lin and the twins bend the spools of wire, wrapping the legs of the suit in the metal cables.
Bolin: Hit it now!
</scene>

<scene>
Up on the rooftop, Korra enters the Avatar State, building up her attack before sending a large gust of wind at the mecha suit's chest; the other airbenders join in to assist her. As it starts to topple backward, Kuvira struggles to regain the mecha suit's balance and fires the cannon aimlessly, trying to strike the airbenders. The weapon's beam swings wildly through the air and, as Korra ducks underneath it, streaks into the distance, slicing a shimmering ribbon of purple across the midsection of the skyline behind her. As Korra spins to her feet and turns to survey the damage, every single one of the impacted skyscrapers detonates explosively, their deafening immolation spreading a massive cloud of fire across the face of the city. As the airbenders continue their efforts to topple the mecha suit, Korra, after seeing the catastrophic damage, turns back to the mecha suit and redoubles her airbending, knocking the mecha suit back. It grasps at the buildings on either side in a last-ditch effort to save itself. The wires around the mecha suit's legs give out and the machine, getting its left foot underneath it, stabilizes itself and pulls itself upright. Not hesitating a moment, Kuvira points the cannon at the building where Korra and the airbenders stand and fires, causing everyone to scatter as the building explodes. Airbenders tumble through the air, screaming. Korra, trying to rise above the beam with airbending, throws herself out of the way with a terrified yell. A long shot of the city shows the beam tearing through more buildings, followed by more explosions in turn. Korra, tumbling downward, slows her descent by grabbing the wall of a building, breaking her fall with earthbending and airbending. She lifts her head and the shot cuts to show injured airbenders scattered in the street. Korra gets up and runs to the injured airbenders as Mako, Bolin and Lin enter the street from a side alley.
Bolin:  Opal!
The group turns as the crashing draws closer. Through the flames rising high at the end of the street looms the mecha suit, which turns to face them once again.
Korra:  Everyone retreat! Take the wounded back to Asami's office!
Lin: I'll meet you there! I'm going to see if I can find any help!
</scene>

<scene>
Kuvira fires the spirit energy cannon at the group. They flee into side alleys as the street behind them goes up in flames and they are enveloped by a cloud of dust and smoke. Cut to Future Industries where Varrick fixes a hummingbird suit, while Asami and Zhu Li take the upper and lower seats, respectively.
Varrick: All right, let's fire it up again!
Asami closes the suit and begins controlling it. The wings begin flapping and the suit takes off, but soon flies about erratically.
Asami: I can't stabilize it! I thought you fixed the hydraulics.
Varrick: I did! Twist harder!
Asami soon loses control of the suit, causing it to crash into a pile of boxes. Varrick runs to help his partners, who have dismounted. Daw runs to the group.
Daw: I hope you have something in here that can take out a platoon of mecha suits. Kuvira's troops are headed this way!
Varrick:  I know how to take down some mecha suits and it just might take down that giant, too.  Asami, disconnect anything electrical in here until we get back.  Zhu Li, let's go.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the factory's upper floor where Suyin watches Varrick and Zhu Li leave, she walks up to Baatar Jr..
Baatar Jr.: Where am I? Mom?
Suyin: Just rest, son. I'm here.
Baatar Jr.:  Mom, I'm so sorry. I betrayed you, the whole family. I gave my life to Kuvira and she just fired that weapon at me. How could she do that?
Suyin: I don't know, sweetie. She's a complicated person.
Baatar Jr.:  Wing and Wei will never forgive me. And Opal.
Suyin: Yeah, they might take some time to come around. But we'll work through it as a family.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a metal tower on the rooftop, where wire spools are lying around.
Zhu Li: Do you think this plan will actually work, sir?
Varrick: I know I can stop the mecha suits with an electromagnetic pulse, so it stands to reason that I can stop a giant mecha suit with a giant electromagnetic pulse.  Zhu Li, I've been thinking.
Zhu Li: You're always thinking, sir.
Varrick: Yes. But lately, I've been thinking about you. I know we might not make it out of this mess and I feel like there are some things I should tell you.
Zhu Li:  There are?
Varrick: I remember when I was a boy, I had an ostrich horse. Named her Mrs. Beaks.  I grew up on a farm. Did I ever tell you that, Zhu Li? This was before the circus people took me away. Anyway, I loved old Mrs. Beaks, but I took her for granted.
Zhu Li: You'll have to finish your story later. Kuvira's troops are in range.  Okay, I hope this works.
</scene>

<scene>
Zhu Li flips the switch creating a buzzing sound from the tower, causing Varrick to cover his ears. Far shot of the tower as electromagnetic pulses are emitted. Cut to the mecha suit platoon as they are disabled one by one.
Varrick: Yes! Dead in their tracks.  Oh, rats. She's still coming. Zhu Li, do the thing!
Zhu Li: I'm afraid there are no more things to do.
Kuvira: What was that?
Soldier: An electromagnetic pulse. It shut down the mecha suits, but our power source is fine.
Kuvira: Locate the source of the pulse. That must be where Varrick is. Third and fourth mech platoons, move in and continue the sweep. Capture anyone left in the city.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Future Industries Tower, followed by the interior of the factory.
Bolin: Varrick, how come your electro-thingy shut down the small mecha suits but not the big one?
Baatar Jr.: Because it's powered with spirit vine energy. I'm sorry. I wish I could help you, but it's unstoppable.
Hiroshi: It's not.
Asami:  Dad? 
Lin: I got him out of jail to help. I figured we need all the geniuses we can get our hands on right now. If the prison's still standing after all this is over, we can throw him back in.
Hiroshi: I know what you all must think of me, but I love Republic City and I would do anything to save her.
Korra:  You think you know how to defeat this thing?
Hiroshi: You must act like an infection: break the skin and attack its vital organs, disconnect the heart and the brain and this beast cannot live.
Korra: But how are we supposed to get inside?
Hiroshi: Future Industries has plasma saws for cutting platinum. If we had one on the mecha suit ...
Asami: But the saws are way too big. We'd never get the suits off the ground.
Hiroshi: I think I can add an electrical element to the welding torch on your suit and convert it into a plasma saw. Then we'll just have to land on the giant and cut open a hole big enough for someone to get in.
Asami: Like a metal mosquito.
Varrick: You know what happens to mosquitoes that land on me? I squash 'em!
Korra: We'll have to attack in a swarm to try to keep you guys safe in the hummingbird suits. It looks like they're our only hope.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the train station where the evacuees have become bored, while Pema is singing.
Pema: Oh, first he ate the fruit, then he ate the leaves. Hungry little lemur, ate up all my trees.  Okay, great job everybody. Who's got another song for us?
Evacuee:  We can't just sit around here singing old airbender songs until we're all captured, or worse.
Pema: Should we play the button game? Who has a button?
The evacuee glares are Pema while pounding sounds are heard. The evacuees turn to face the sound, where Wu and Tu are each riding a badgermole. The badgermoles stop in front of the evacuees and sniff at them.
Pema: Where do these badgermoles come from?
Wu: The zoo! Mako always hated my singing, but they love it!
Evacuee: Well, what are we supposed to do with badgermoles?
Wu: They're the best earthbenders around! We can use them to tunnel out of the city without Kuvira's troops spotting us.
Evacuee: Are you sure this is the best plan?  Let's follow the moles!
Wu:  Badgermoles, digging holes, under Republic City. Got to run away from Kuvira today, although I do still think she's pretty.
The badgermoles create a hole beneath the train tracks and walk into the tunnel. Aerial shot of Republic City, which has been largely decimated with fire burning.
Kuvira: Mech platoons, report.
Third platoon:  Third platoon, no sign of anyone so far.
Fourth platoon: Fourth platoon, en route to train station.
Soldier: I think we found the source of the electromagnetic pulse:  Future Industries Tower.
Kuvira: That's the place.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Asami's office where Varrick, Zhu Li, Hiroshi, and Asami work on the hummingbird suits. Daw runs to the group.
Daw: Kuvira is headed our way!
Korra:  How long will it take to get the plasma saws ready?
Asami: Just a few more minutes.
Korra: Get out there as soon as you can.
Baatar Jr.: If you do manage to get inside, find the engine room. There are two emergency levers. If you switch them off at the same time, you'll cut the power.
Korra: Thanks.  We may not be able to beat that thing, but we can slow it down. Let's go!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut giant mecha suit walking through the streets, where Team Avatar stops and attempts to intercept. The group scatters and Korra rises up on an air spout and enters the Avatar State. The mecha suit fires the cannon at her, forcing Korra to retreat. After outrunning the cannon, Korra lands and bends out large earth slabs before propelling her up with firebending. Upon landing on the roof, she groans and sends the slabs to the mecha suit. The airbenders dismount and swarm to the mecha suit, avoiding its physical attacks, while Korra continues her barrage of earthbending. While the mecha suit readies its weapon, the airbenders swarm down and push the cannon, causing it to fire to the ground and lose its balance, slamming against a building. Cut to the cockpit where Kuvira braces herself before looking at the airbenders flying past the mecha suit, while Meelo is slammed against the window. Kuvira controls the arm and tries to squash Meelo, but he flies off, causing the mecha suit to hit itself. The mecha suit fires the weapon at Meelo and nearly hits Jinora. Tenzin flies off to protect her.
Tenzin: Jinora!
</scene>

<scene>
Tenzin manages to save his daughter, but both are knocked unconscious by the blast. Ikki and Meelo take off again. Ikki grabs her sister and lands on the side of a building, while Meelo carries his father on his back, groaning with the weight. Moments before impact, he airbends from his feet, softening the impact. Both look up the see the mecha suit walk over them. Cut to Bolin who assists the Beifongs in slicing a building. The group groans and push the building toward the mecha suit. Cut to Kuvira who was taken aback as the mecha suit was pinned down by the building. The group land onto the ground to survey the damage, but the mecha suit was still able to stand up. Cut to the evacuees in the tunnel created by the badgermoles.
Wu:  Oh, Yin, you're the sweetest evacuee I've ever known.  And I just want to thank you for being so kind, when I was living in your home.
Earth Empire sergeant: Halt!  Turn around slowly and please, stop that singing. You're all Earth Empire prisoners. Come with us and no one will get hurt.
Wu: You don't need these people. They're just innocent civilians caught in the crossfire, but I'm Prince Wu, rightful leader of the Earth Kingdom.  Take me to Kuvira. I've got business with her.
Tu: No! Don't do it, Wu.
Wu: I have to. But before I go,  I'd like to sing you a song.  If you don't respect the broach, you don't respect me. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. You're no better than a roach,  but I'm royalty. I got my badgermoles with me.
Earth Empire sergeant: Actually, your song is so bad, your badgermoles deserted you.
Wu:  You don't know what you're talking about.  Oh, badgermoles I love you, I love you. I want to, I want to pet your snouts. 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Asami's office where Hiroshi uses the plasma saws and slices a piece of platinum into two.
Asami: If we stop that mecha giant, it will all be because of you.
Hiroshi: You're the one who designed these incredible suits.  It's great to be working together again.
Asami: I love you, Dad.
Hiroshi: I love you, too.
Asami prepares to mount the suit while her father closes his window. Varrick walks up to Zhu Li, with hands behind his back.
Varrick: Zhu Li?
Zhu Li: Yes?
Varrick:  I have something I need to attach before we take off.
Zhu Li:  Attached to what?
Varrick:  I need to attach this ring  to your finger. Zhu Li Moon, will you do the thing for the rest of our lives?
Zhu Li: Yes.
Varrick:  Yes!  Now let's go attach these barely functional rust buckets to a giant killer smashing machine!
Zhu Li: It's exactly how I always pictured our engagement.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the mecha giant laying waste upon Republic City. The twins swing on cable and slice a building, but are knocked out by the spirit cannon. Lin and Suyin drop down and save them. Lin catches the twins, while her sister bends a tent to protect them from debris. Cut to Korra watching the airbenders swarming the giant. Upon hearing buzzing sounds, she turns to see the hummingbird suits approaching them. Kuvira turns the giant and fires at the hummingbird suits, but they were able to dodge the attack. Cut to Varrick and Zhu Li's suit as the fly to the giant's back.
Varrick: Aim for that spot in the middle of the back - the one I can never reach.
Zhu Li: Got it.
Zhu Li steers the suit to the mecha giant, attaching it to the body. Varrick readies the saws, but notices the mecha suit preparing to crush them.
Varrick: Wah, let's get out of here!  Wow! I wish I had that kind of flexibility.
Asami steers her suit to the giant's leg. While her father prepares the saws, the giant prepares to crush them, forcing her to fly off. While the mecha giant tries to swat the hummingbird suits, Korra turns behind and sees a river with four bridges. She runs off to the river. While the mecha giant continues swatting the suits, Korra bends a large stream of water, freezing the mecha suit into place. The giant fires the spirit energy cannon, destroying one of the wings of Varrick and Zhu Li's suit.
Zhu Li: Hang on!
Zhu Li flips both ejection switches, throwing both pilots out of the suit as parachutes are deployed, while the suit crashes onto a building and explodes. Korra bends another stream of water and freezes the cannon arm. Asami pilots the suit to the portion of the mecha suit that is not frozen, while her father readies the saw.
Kuvira: I need more power! They're cutting in! More power!
The ice around the cannon arm begins to shatter. While Hiroshi continues cutting a hole, Asami looks on in worry as the ice continues shattering.
Asami: We need to get out of here.
Hiroshi: Almost there.
Asami:  We have to go now!
Hiroshi:  Almost there. Almost there!
Asami:  Dad! Now!
Hiroshi: Goodbye, Asami. I love you. 
Asami:  Dad!
Asami looks in shock as the mecha giant crushes the hummingbird suit, causing it to fall off, revealing a hole on the leg cut by her father.
Korra: Hiroshi's plan worked. There's our opening.
</scene>

<scene>
Team Avatar runs up to the opening. Cut to the cockpit as Kuvira grunts in annoyance and swings the mecha suit's arm to crush the group, but Korra blocks the attack with an ice column. Kuvira doubles her bending and breaks free, but the group manages to jump into the hole, avoiding being crushed. Cut to the group inside the mecha giant as the arm leaves the hole. Close-up of Korra with a determined look.
Main Asami Sato Bolin Hiroshi Sato Korra Lin Beifong Mako Suyin Beifong Tenzin Varrick Wu Zhu Li Antagonists Kuvira Military of the Earth Empire: Minor Baatar Jr. Bumi Daw Evacuee Ikki Jinora Kai Meelo Opal Beifong Pema Ryu Tu Wei and Wing<scene>
Shiro Shinobi:  Welcome to Republic City, the place of hopes, dreams and Spirit Wilds!  This metropolis truly has something for everyone. Visit Air Temple Island, the hub for all airbenders as they travel the world, helping others. Or take a stroll through beautiful Avatar Korra Park, named in honor of "You-Know-Who"! We've missed her these past three years and we can't wait to welcome her home. Get well soon, Korra! And of course, you'll want to see our most unique attractions: the Spirit Wilds. Here, spirits and people live harmoniously together.  Like this old codger, and his new pals. Yes siree, this town is truly on the up and up! Come be a part of the action in Republic City!
The final shot of the narration, a shot of Central City Station with a large crowd around the entrance, switches from black and white to color as the narration ends.
Raiko:  And of course, my biggest thanks goes to Asami Sato and Future Industries. She brought our old central terminal into the modern era. Ladies and gentlemen, the world is entering a new age of peace and prosperity. Soon, Prince Wu will take his rightful place on the Earth Kingdom throne.  And thanks to our updated rail system, Republic City and the Earth Kingdom will be united like never before!
The crowd applauds as Raiko and Asami cut the ribbon to ceremoniously open the new station. Fade to a shot of Asami talking to a reporter, who is being approached by Prince Wu.
Wu: Hey there! Asami, right? Great train house. Maybe you can give me a personal tour sometime, what do you say?
Asami:  I do like the idea of putting you on a train and sending you far, far away.
Wu:  That's ... that's funny. I like funny dames. Maybe I should introduce myself. I'm Prince Wu, future king.
Asami: Yeah ... I'm aware of who you are.
Wu: Don't let my reputation intimidate you. I'm still human just like everyone else. Only more human, like, extra human, or, hmm, superhuman.
Asami:  Superhuman?
Wu: So, what do you say? Can I show you a low-key night out with a superhuman soon-to-be king?
He wiggles his eyebrows, with Asami giving him an even weirder look. Mako interrupts them.
Mako: Prince Wu! President Raiko has some really important ... king stuff to talk to you about.
Wu:  Now?  Fine.  Think over the offer.  I'll be back. 
Mako: He's a real charmer, huh?
Asami: He's ... something. How can you stand being his bodyguard?
Mako: Well, I just remind myself that once he's on the throne, I go back to being a detective.
Asami: And that works?
Mako:  I also go home, and smash my head into the wall for an hour, you know, just to get the stress out.
Asami:  It's good to see you, Mako. It's been too long. You hear from Bolin lately?
Mako: I haven't talked to him for a while, but he's coming in a few days for the coronation. And Beifong told me that Korra is getting in tonight.
Asami: I can't wait to see her.  It's going to be weird, having the old Team Avatar back in the city after all these years.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Tenzin, Prince Wu, President Raiko and Lin Beifong.
Tenzin: After your coronation, the United Forces will escort you to Ba Sing Se.
Wu: Right. About that. Are we all positive that the Earth Kingdom is safe enough for me to return? I don't have to remind everyone what happened to my great-aunt three years ago?!  May she rest in peace.
Raiko: Prince Wu, I assure you, Kuvira has the Earth Kingdom pretty much stabilized at this point.
Wu:  Uh ... define "pretty much".
Tenzin: Well, the roving bandits have mostly been dispersed.
Wu: Mostly?
Lin: Don't worry kid. The chances of you being assassinated are almost zero.
Wu: Almost?
A small village of the State of Yi in the Earth Kingdom is shown. A villager is seen sweeping the street when a jeep nearly runs him down. After it stops, three bandits jump out and walk into a shop.
Shopkeeper: Get out of here! We don't have anything left.
One of the bandits earthbends a fissure toward the counter, destroying it and revealing several hidden sacks of goods. The bandits take them.
Bandit #1: Now you don't have anything left.
They proceed to load the stolen stuff into their jeep. Hearing a noise, they look up to see Lefty grumbling far above them. Opal and Kai, who are standing on his back wearing wingsuits, jump down to engage them. The bandits gasp and make a run for it, but they are quickly overtaken by the airbenders. Kai blasts air at the front of the jeep, stopping it in its tracks and launching the bandits out. Opal catches them with a gust of air, and the airbenders tie the bandits up.
Kai: It's safe to come out, everyone! The airbenders are here.
The governor comes running out of a building toward Opal and Kai.
Governor: You finally made it! So where are the rest of you?
Opal: Actually, it's just the two of us, but we're going to do everything we can to help. I'm Opal, and this is Kai.
Kai: It's nice to meet you.
Governor:  What? I called Master Tenzin because my state has been under siege by bandits for months. They blocked all the roads, cut off our supply lines, and all he sent is you two kids?
Kai: Hey, us two kids just took care of those three guys for you.
Governor: There are hundreds more where they came from. My citizens are going hungry. Our entire state is on the brink of collapse.
Opal: Unfortunately, the Air Nation is spread thin right now. We're all you have.
</scene>

<scene>
Governor lets his head hang in disappointment. Cut to a train riding a maglev rail. It makes two turns before heading into a mountain range.
Bolin: We just got some good news.  Two more Earth Kingdom states have agreed to join us.
Baatar Jr.: Excellent! Thank you, Bolin.  We're ninety percent there, Kuvira.
Varrick:  That's great! Zhu Li, dish out some of that special celebration tea!
Zhu Li salutes Varrick and goes off to get the tea. Kuvira metalbends two cutouts of states onto the map in front of her. Zhu Li offers her tea.
Kuvira: None for me. I won't celebrate until the Earth Kingdom is one hundred percent reunited.
The others all put their cups back onto their saucers, and Bolin spits his tea back into his cup. The train makes a sudden stop and everyone staggers, spilling their tea onto their clothes. Kuvira stays perfectly still, despite facing backward. She only moves when the train comes to a dead stop. As the others try to mop the tea out of their clothes, the driver walks up to Kuvira and salutes her.
Kuvira: Why have we stopped?
Driver: Apologies. There are rocks on the tracks. It's most likely bandits. We're sending troops to handle the situation.
Kuvira: Call them off. I will take care of the bandits myself.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a wide shot of the train, showing a pile of rocks in front of it. Kuvira climbs to the top of one of the carts and waits. She spots the bandits on the crest of the ridge to her left. They jump down, surfing on rocks while also earthbending boulders at Kuvira, who effortlessly dodges them and starts shooting slabs of metal at them, which she uses to either blind the bandits or bind their limbs together. After easily defeating every bandit, she metalbends their bonds further to pile them together. Cut to all of the bandits blinded with a slab of metal and attached to the maglev rail by their wrist bonds. Kuvira removes all of their blindfolds and bends them back into her backpack.
Female bandit #1: You're ... Kuvira.
Kuvira: And you're the bandits who have been causing chaos where I'm trying to establish order, aren't you?
Female bandit #1:  We're sorry, we didn't know this was your train and ...
Kuvira bends a metal band over her mouth, silencing her.
Kuvira:  Don't talk over me! 
Male bandit #1: Please, take mercy on us!
Kuvira: Stop groveling as if this is the worst day of your life. This ... is a good day. I'm going to give you all the opportunity to rehabilitate yourselves, and become productive members of your nation. Right now, you're lost, but pledge your loyalty to me, and I'll give you a new purpose in your lives. Of course, if you don't want to join, you could always stay right here. Hopefully, someone saves you before the next train speeds through, but I wouldn't count on it.
Male bandit #1: No, we'll join. Don't leave us here.
Female bandit #1: We pledge our loyalty to you, Great Uniter.
Shot focuses on Kuvira again, who smiles out of the bandits' view. Fade to a hotel in Republic City with jazzy music playing in the background. Outside, there is a small crowd. Inside, two men open up the door for Prince Wu and Mako. Wu is spinning his cane around his arm, before casually catching it.
Mako: I don't know why we're leaving so early if you're just getting a haircut. The dinner at Air Temple Island isn't until later tonight.
Wu: Because I'm not just getting a haircut, it's a spa day! We're talking minimum four hours.
Mako: Are you kidding me?  What are you having done that takes four hours?
Wu: A rejuvenating tea-leaf skin wrap. Have you ever gotten one of those, Mako?
Mako: Yeah, I'm ... not interested.
Wu:  You will be.  So while your hands soak in a bubbling milk-bath, your feet are in a tub full of these little sucker-fish that literally eat your calluses away. Gobble them right up! Crazy, huh?
Mako: That's disgusting!
Wu: Then, they scrape your skin with blocks of sea-salt and lube you up with seaweed-infused aloe, wrap you in tea leaves, put you in a hot box for four hours, and bam! You're done!  Mako, look at all my fans! They must be in town for my coronation.
Mako:  I don't know if all those people are your fans.
</scene>

<scene>
Two more men open the doors for them as they walk outside. Wu does some poses for the cameraman waiting for him, while he goes up to two of his fans and takes a picture with them. Mako sees a few shady figures approaching, all with a hand behind their backs.
Mako:  Wu, we have to get you out of here!  Go! Go!
The limousine takes off while another pie hits it.
Wu: What just happened out there?
Mako: I think those were Kuvira's supporters in the crowd.
Wu:  Oh no! Mako, I've been hit! It's a gusher!
Mako:  That's not blood. It's strawberry pie.
Wu:  Oh. Yeah, you're right.  But that was close. I don't know what would have happened if you weren't there.
Mako: You would have been hit by a pie. It's really not that big of a deal.
Wu: Or I could have been killed! I don't know what I'd ever do without you! Wait a second. Did you say strawberry pie?  I'm allergic to strawberries!  I don't think I can breathe! Get me to the hospital! Wu down!
Mako:  You're allergic to bee stings!
Wu:  Oh. Yeah, you're right.  I always get those two mixed up.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a scene of Kai and Opal feeding Lefty, as a train blares its horn in the distance.
Kai: Look! A train made it through!
Opal: Maybe they brought food and supplies!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the town, where a large crowd has gathered on the platform. Kai and Opal make it to the front, just as the doors open and Kuvira's men exit the train, with Bolin being one of them.
Kai: Hey, what's your boyfriend doing here?
Opal: If he's here, he must be with Kuvira and my brother. This isn't going to be good.
Kai:  Bolin!
Bolin:  Kai!  Wow, you are a lot heavier than you used to be. You're really growing up.
Kai: What's up with your new hair? You look like a stiff.
Bolin:  Hey, Kuvira says it makes me look intelligent and professional.
Opal:  Don't believe everything she says.
Bolin: Opal, I can't believe you're here too!  I missed you so much.
Opal: I missed you too.
Baatar Jr.: Look who it is. It's good to see you again, little sister.
Kuvira: What a wonderful surprise. A happy reunion for my favorite couple.
Baatar Jr.:  How's Mom doing?
Opal:  Like you care. She still hasn't forgiven you.
Baatar Jr.: You know, for someone who claims to be so enlightened, Mom can really hold a grudge.
Opal: I guess when her son betrays her ...
Kuvira:  Please, Opal, we're not here to bicker with you about something that happened three years ago. We're here to help this town, just like you.
Opal:  I've heard how you help towns. By conquering them.
Kuvira: I know the rumors about me can be pretty nasty, but I am giving everyone in this nation a better future. And with Bolin's help, and my fiancé's ideas, we're laying the ground work for the people to achieve their own greatness.
Opal:  Your fiancé?
Kuvira: You haven't heard?  Your brother and I are getting married.
Bolin:  Isn't that great, sweetie?
Kai slides away as Kuvira walks up to Opal and puts a hand on her shoulder.
Kuvira: I know things got heated with your family when Baatar and I left Zaofu, but don't you think it's time to forgive and forget?
</scene>

<scene>
[Governor interrupts them.] What are you doing here? [Shot cuts to him standing in front of his people.]
Kuvira:  Hello, governor. I was wondering if you and I could talk privately.
</scene>

<scene>
A brief exterior shot of the train is shown, before it cuts to the inside, where the governor is sitting at a table and Kuvira is looking out the window.
Kuvira: So, have you had time to rethink my generous offer?
Governor: Generous? You want to take everything. How is that generous?
Kuvira: Governor, your state has been overrun by bandits. They have you outnumbered and outsupplied. The question's not if they'll take over; it's when. Unless you sign our deal. Agree to the terms, and you'll have the full force of my army backing you. You will remain in charge, just under my supervision. I will save your life, and the lives of your citizens. I think that's pretty generous.
Governor:  I know how you manipulate states, and force them to join up under you. I know the only reason you want this region is because it is rich in ore.  They might call you "The Great Uniter", but you're destroying everything! I'll never turn the great state of Yi over to you!
Kuvira:  You have a lot of pride, but it cannot protect your people.  Your pride will not stop the hordes as your city crumbles to the ground. And your pride will certainly not feed your hungry when all that is left is rubble!
Governor:  Leave! Get out of my state!
Kuvira: You will perish, unless you take my generous offer.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the exterior of the train. The small group outside the train door watches as the governor storms off in a rage. As they watch him go, Kuvira appears at the door.
Kuvira: It's time to go. We're not wanted here.
Bolin:  What happened?
Kuvira: It appears we can't make a deal right now. 
Kai: Wait! Aren't you guys going to stick around and help?
Kuvira:  Here's the contract. We'll wait at the border for one day. You get the governor to sign it, and you'll have all the help you need. 
Bolin:  I guess ... I got to go.
Opal:  Don't! Please, you can't turn your back on these people!
Bolin: I'm not! I wanna help, but if the Governor wants us gone, there's ... there's nothing I can do. I'm sorry.  Hey ... Opal, please.
Opal:  Leave, if that's what you're going to do. 
Bolin sighs in disappointment, before walking inside with the rest of Kuvira's men.
Kai: You know, we might not need their help after all. The roads may be impassable, but not the skies. We can use Lefty to fly to all the nearby villages, pick up supplies, and fly back.
Opal: You're right. We can save this town ourselves.
</scene>

<scene>
An overhead shot of Kai and Opal next to the departing train cuts to a farm with a couple of hippo cows chewing on hay. The shot cuts to a wide shot, showing Opal and Kai talking to a farmer, with a big pile of supplies on Lefty's back.
Farmer: Sorry we couldn't give you more. That's all we could spare.
Opal: Every little bit helps. Because of you and the other farmers around here, we have more than enough food to feed the town until we can get some reinforcements. 
Kai: Thanks!
A far shot of the farm shows Lefty taking off.
Kai: So ... you and Bolin doing okay?
Opal:  I don't know. It's really tough having a long distance relationship. And I can't stand that he's working with Kuvira.
Kai: I can tell. But it does seem like he found his calling, doesn't it? He loves helping people.
Opal: Maybe. It's just ... he's changed a lot since he's been around her.
Kai: He's growing up.
Opal: I just hope we're not growing apart.  Speaking of long-distance relationships, how are you and Jinora doing?
Kai: Actually, we're doing fine.  You hear that?
A biplane emerges from a cloud below them.
Kai: It's more bandits!
A bandit sitting on the wing fires a grappling hook, which catches the net of supplies in the back. Lefty struggles as the plane pulls on the net, tensing the line.
Kai: We're hooked!
The bandit ziplines over onto Lefty, while the airbenders try to blast him away with little success. He lands, unfolds a double-bladed sword, and starts cutting the tethers holding down the supplies. Kai manages to land a blow, causing the bandit to lose his balance, leaving him holding onto only the net. A second air blast from Kai's feet connects also, and the bandit falls completely off Lefty's back, although his tether saves him. He swings around Lefty and lands on the other side of the supplies, where he begins attacking Kai again. As they battle, the bandit cuts the last tether, dodges Kai's next air blast, and manages to cut through Kai's wingsuit before the plane pulls the supplies away.
Kai:  No!
</scene>

<scene>
As the bandits' plane veers to the left and out of sight, Kai tries to unfold his wingsuit as he falls, discovering that his right wing is sliced through. He spirals out of control toward the ground. Opal sees this and jumps after him, as her wingsuit is still intact. She catches Kai by the arm, and together they form a larger, stable wing. Lefty catches up with them and they gently land on the back of the beast. Cut to the town, where Lefty lands, the airbenders climbing down in front of the eagerly waiting people.
Governor: What happened? Where's all the food?
Opal: We were attacked in mid-air. We lost everything.
Kai: It might be time to make a tough call. 
The Governor looks over his people, who all look miserable. Seeing no other option, he takes the contract and signs it, handing it back to Kai.
Governor: Here. Tell Kuvira to save my people.
Kai: For what it's worth, I think you made the right decision.
Governor:  Did I ever really have a choice?
</scene>

<scene>
A shot of Kai cuts to Air Temple Island at sunset, then to the dining area. Inside it, three groups have formed: Raiko, his wife and Prince Wu; Lin and Mako standing guard and Asami with Tenzin's family.
Meelo: When Korra gets here, I bet she's not even going to know who I am.
Ikki: Why is that?
Meelo: Because Meelo the boy  has turned into Meelo the man!
The background changes to one of a dragon and platypus bear, their attires satirizing fighting games. Meelo strikes a "tough guy" pose.
Ikki:  Right. You're completely unrecognizable.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Prince Wu, Raiko and Buttercup.
Wu:  You've never had the tea leaf wrap? You have no idea what you're missing. The face massage alone is to die for.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Lin and Mako.
Mako:  Ugh. This coronation cannot come soon enough. I can't wait to go back to being a detective.
Lin:  Right ... umm ... yeah, about that ...
Mako:  What?
Lin: I don't know how to tell you this ... you're going to Ba Sing Se ... with the prince.
Mako:  No!
Lin: I tried to get you out of it, but it's over my head.  Wu personally asked Raiko. He says he doesn't know what he'd do without you.
Mako:  This can't be happening! I'm not even an Earth Kingdom citizen; I work for the Republic City Police Department.
Lin: Not anymore.  You're just a pawn in Raiko's diplomatic game. You can try talking to him, but I don't think he's going to let you quit.
Mako: 
An Air Acolyte walks in.
Acolyte: There's a Southern Water Tribe ship pulling up to the dock!
Children:  Korra!
</scene>

<scene>
They run off, the scene cutting briefly to Tenzin as a smile breaks across his face. Cut back to the village in Yi, where Kuvira's forces have occupied the town. A line of soldiers with metal helmets and faceplates march in. A door in the side of the train opens up, and bipedal mecha tanks exit through the opening. Kuvira's men are handing out food packages to the citizens; one of them gives a little boy an apple. The boy bites into it and smiles up at the man. Other children are playing on one of the mecha tanks. Bolin is handing out food from one of the jeeps. Kuvira steps forward and addresses the gathered crowd.
Kuvira: The State of Yi is now under the full protection of my army.  Proclaim your loyalty, if you wish to keep your post.
Governor:  I pledge my loyalty to you, oh Great Uniter.
</scene>

<scene>
A banner drops from the gate in front of the town, revealing the logo of Kuvira's army. Opal, watching from the crowd, has a disappointed look on her face, and she looks at Bolin, who spots her in the crowd, excited. She turns away in shame at his perceived betrayal, much to Bolin's disappointment. He continues handing out food packets, though halfheartedly. Cut to the dock at Air Temple Island, where Naga and Tonraq disembark from their ship.
Tenzin:  Tonraq. It's good to have you back in the city. And everyone is excited to see the Avatar again.
Tonraq:  What do you mean? Isn't Korra already here?
Tenzin: No, we thought she was coming with you.
Tonraq: Korra left the South Pole six months ago. She's written me letters. She said she was here in Republic City.
Tenzin: I assure you, your daughter is not here.
Tonraq:  Then where is she?
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a small arena somewhere in the Earth Kingdom. Korra is engaging an earthbender in a cage fight. She is struck several times by flying stones and knocked backward off her feet.
Korra:  Is that all you got?
Her opponent keeps attacking her and an agitated Korra attempts to strike back with little success. After an intense exchange of earthbending between the two, the earthbender battling Korra launches herself to the top of the wall and bends a rock Korra shot at her straight back, sending her tumbling into the far wall. For a moment, Korra struggles to rise before collapsing to the ground, unable to get back up. The triumphant earthbender raises her arms victoriously as the crowd above cheers.
Announcer: We have a winner!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a far shot of the arena as the bell rings. The scene fades to later on; the crowd is gone and Korra is sitting in the stands, taking the wrappings off her wrists. The announcer walks up to her.
Announcer: Here.  For your lackluster participation.
Korra:  Thanks.
Announcer: You know, you look very familiar.  Yeah, you ... you kind of look like that Avatar girl!
Korra:  I get that a lot. 
</scene>

<scene>
Scene cuts to an overhead shot of Korra walking away from the announcer around the rim of the ring, while the announcer watches her leave.
Announcer: Whatever happened to her anyway?
Korra:  I wouldn't know.
Roll credits.
Main Asami Bolin Kai Lin Beifong Mako Opal Beifong Tenzin Antagonists Baatar Jr. Kuvira: Minor Governor Ikki Jinora Korra Lefty Meelo Pema Raiko Rohan Tonraq Wu<scene>
Shiro Shinobi:  Kuvira threatens to take Zaofu by force! After tensions flared between Su Beifong and her former protégé, Korra brokered a truce, but it was too late. Su and her sons were already on their way to put an end to Kuvira. Meanwhile, Bolin and Varrick learned of Kuvira's true tyrannical intent and deserted her army, but they were captured and betrayed by Zhu Li. Now they're being held against their will!
</scene>

<scene>
Night has fallen over Kuvira's encampment outside Zaofu as the scene opens. A light breeze ruffles the flag over Kuvira's quarters and the small building is surrounded by mecha tanks. As the scene cuts to the side of the valley, the siege force and Zaofu itself can both be seen in the background. A lone guard patrols a path in the darkness. As he sweeps the flashlight beam left and right, a piece of metal suddenly flies from the brush on his left and covers his mouth. He staggers, unable to yell, the flashlight tumbling away from his hand through the air. A metal whip cracks out at him, fastening around his ankles and dragging him into the brush. The frame pans up to show three cables fastening themselves to a tree branch above; three figures, dressed in black, rise into the tree, the cables in their hands. Suyin, Wei, and Wing come to rest on the same branch, staring down at the encampment below. Wing, on Suyin's right, turns to speak in a hushed tone to his mother.
Wing: Are you sure this will work? Even without Kuvira, they could still crush us.
Suyin: Most of this army has been forced into service by Kuvira. If we take her out, they'll have no reason to fight. Tonight  we end her reign of terror.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to within the encampment; a mecha tank on patrol marches past a tank as the view pans down, revealing that Suyin and her sons are hiding underneath it. They quickly scramble out from their hiding place and take off through the maze of tanks. As a beam of light from a watchtower sweeps past, they take cover behind another tank. When the beam has passed, they advance, finally coming to a stop behind a few stacks of boxes very near Kuvira's hut. As another mecha tank passes, Suyin peers through a crack between boxes at the hut, still guarded by mecha tanks. Stepping back, she stomps forcefully on the ground, using seismic waves to see past the obstacles in front of them. The waves radiate outward, traveling past the mecha tanks and throughout the hut, where Kuvira is asleep in bed. Cut back to Suyin and the twins.
Suyin:  She's alone in there. Now's our chance!
</scene>

<scene>
The three simultaneously bend the earth beneath themselves, twisting on the spot and disappearing into holes below them. As the scene cuts to the interior of the hut, three holes open in the thin metal of the floor and the cloaked figures rise through them. Bending cables from her hands, Suyin, in the middle, wraps the sleeping figure tightly with them, before rolling her over to look at her face. The terrified face, however, does not belong to Kuvira.
Zhu Li: Don't hurt me!
Suyin:  Zhu Li?
Suddenly, a siren blares outside; the central support pole withdraws into the ground as the metal sides of the tent fall away and spotlights shine down on the three figures as soldiers and mecha tanks surround them. Kuvira steps from between two mecha tanks.
Kuvira: I knew you'd try a sneak attack.  You were afraid to step up and lead the Earth Kingdom when you had the chance.  You were afraid to join me when I became the leader, and now, you're afraid of a fair fight.  You've always been a coward. Take them!
</scene>

<scene>
As the two mecha tanks between which Kuvira walks shoot lightning at the intruders, the scene cuts to the exterior of Zaofu's many domes, followed by the square inside, where Jinora, Opal, and Korra are talking to each other.
Jinora: Korra, you have to go stop Su before she does something terrible.
Opal: Stop her, we should be helping her.
Korra: We have no idea where your mom is, or what her plan is. If we go charging into Kuvira's camp, we could get them all captured, or worse. All we can do now is wait.
Opal looks down in dismay. The speakers around Zaofu go on.
Kuvira: Attention citizens of Zaofu. Your leader, Su Beifong, attempted to attack me tonight while I slept, ignoring the terms of our truce. Luckily, I now have her and her assault team in custody.
Opal: No.
Kuvira: Rest assured that I will not take revenge on the peaceful citizens of Zaofu, unless your remaining representatives meet me outside the city at dawn to offer the full and unconditional surrender of your city. That is all.
As Kuvira's voice fades, Opal turns toward Korra, furious.
Opal: Korra, you can't let Kuvira get away with this! We have to go break out Mom and my brothers!
Jinora:  You swore an oath of non-aggression when you became an airbender.  You can't just attack Kuvira!
Opal: I don't care about the oath! I have to save my family!
Korra:  No, Jinora is right. Your mom attacked the camp. Kuvira was just defending herself.
Opal:  "Defending herself"? She was going to attack our city! I can't believe you're refusing to fight!
The doors of a house behind the group open and Meelo and Ikki emerge wearing nightclothes, having been woken by Kuvira's announcement.
Meelo:  Why is that loudspeaker lady talking when I'm trying to sleep?
Baatar: Korra, what are we going to do?
Korra:  Jinora and I will go talk to Kuvira at dawn, and, maybe, we can work something out. I promise, I'll do everything I can to keep the peace.
Opal:  I'll go with you.
Ikki: We'll go, too.
Jinora: No! Dad told us to find Korra, and we did. Now you need to stay safe.
Ikki: Come on! Let us help!
Korra: I can't risk anyone else being captured. You can stay with Baatar and Huan while I work things out with Kuvira.  Make sure they get back to Tenzin if anything goes wrong. 
Meelo:  Aw, man! When am I gonna see some action?
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to an Earth Empire train speeding along its elevated railway in the mountains, followed by Varrick's face, as he lies on the floor, apparently having a nightmare.
Varrick:  Cookie ... jar ... empty. No ... hot ... towels! Waxy ... buildup!  Zhu Li!
</scene>

<scene>
The scene shifts as Varrick fully wakes up, showing the interior of a prison car; Varrick is occupying one of the several cells. To Varrick's right, Bolin stirs briefly as Varrick looks around, downcast.
Varrick: Oh ... she really is gone.
As he pulls himself into a sitting position, the doors at the end of the car slide open. Baatar Jr. and two other guards walk up to his cell.
Baatar Jr.: Up and at 'em, Varrick! Time to go to work.  We have another lab set up for you.  Kuvira wants the spirit vine weapon operational as soon as possible.
Varrick: Zhu Li always greeted me in the morning with a  a hot cup of tea.
Baatar Jr.:  You'll get your tea when you start working.
Varrick: Well, I'm really only productive for about fifteen minutes a day, usually in the afternoon around three-forty-five.
The guard glances at Baatar Jr., who nods. The guard slams Varrick roughly into the wall behind him as Baatar Jr. continues.
Baatar Jr.: You'll work now. I want you to show me how the device works.
A yawn from Baatar Jr.'s left interrupts the conversation; Bolin is in a sitting position, rubbing his eyes.
Bolin: What's goin' on?
Baatar Jr.: Go back to sleep. We only need Varrick. You'll need your energy when you get to the re-education camp.
Varrick:  I can't be expected to work without an assistant! Without Zhu Li, I'm helpless!
Baatar Jr.:  One of the guards will be your assistant. I'll be supervising.
Varrick:  Well, I guess he'll be fine. As long as he doesn't need his hands afterwards! 
Guard #1:  What's he talking about, sir?
Varrick:  The last time we worked with the spirit vines, it created an uncontrollable blast  that burned through a wall and could still be blowing up comets in space, as far as I know! I wouldn't want to assist me if I were you!
The guard turns his head toward Baatar Jr., pausing for a moment before speaking.
Guard #1: Maybe we should just let the kid help him out.
Baatar Jr.:  Fine. Bolin can assist.
Bolin:  Wait, what? I need my hands!  Uh, hold on! Can we have breakfast first?  While we still have hands?
</scene>

<scene>
The guards pull a dejected Bolin out of the cell by his collar. Cut to the valley floor in Zaofu, where Kuvira's army stands ready for battle, their banners flapping in a brisk wind. The figures of Korra, Opal, and Jinora walk toward the front line, where a single figure, detached from the rest, stands waiting for them. A shot of Kuvira shifts its focus from her to Suyin, Wei, and Wing imprisoned in massive steel cases behind her. The three moving figures stop and Opal calls out angrily.
Opal: Release them now!
Kuvira: If Su agrees to bow to me and turn over Zaofu, she and the rest of your family will not be harmed.
Suyin:  Never! I'll never bow to you!
Korra:  There must be some way for us to resolve this!
Kuvira: I've already laid out my terms, and I think they're very reasonable. After all, Su did try to take me out during our peaceful negotiations.
Wei: You call bringing an army to threaten our city "peaceful"?
Opal:  Where's Bolin? I know he would never go along with this!
Kuvira: Bolin is with my fiancé, working on something very important.  But, I assure you, he's on board with my plans. You two have been apart for some time. I guess you don't realize how much Bolin has grown up.  Now turn over Zaofu.
Korra: I can't just let you take the city!
Kuvira:  Avatar Korra, you are interfering with internal Earth Empire business, and letting your personal feelings get in the way of reason. Zaofu cannot continue to rule itself. They have been hoarding their riches and technology too long. I'm here to distribute those resources fairly throughout the nation. This is about equality.
Opal: You don't care about equality! This is about control!  Just take her down! You know it's the right thing to do! You have to stop this!
Kuvira: The only way you're going to keep me from marching into Zaofu is if you physically stop me. Now what are you going to do?
Korra: It looks like you're not giving me a choice.
Kuvira:  Fine.  I want you all to know that I would never ask any of you to do something that I'm not willing to do myself.  So, rather than risk your lives, I will fight the Avatar one-on-one.  Korra, if you win, then you can do whatever you want with Zaofu.  But after I beat you, I want you out of my business for good. I'm the one who brought peace to the Earth Empire, not you. You're not relevant here anymore.
Korra:  Fine.  You wanna fight the Avatar? Then let's finish this, right here, right now.
</scene>

<scene>
The shot slowly closes in on Kuvira's serious face. Cut to an aerial overview from behind Korra, Opal, and Jinora. The two parties stand facing each other silently for a moment. Cut to a close-up of Suyin, Wei, and Wing and on of Kuvira standing stoically with her hands behind her back, watching Korra. Frontal shot of Korra, who looks determined, and the two airbenders. Opal glares at the army. As Jinora speaks, Korra glances down at her.
Jinora: Are you really ready to fight her?
Korra: Just stay back and let me handle this.  It's been a while,  but I got a lot of pent-up rage.
Opal: Don't mess around!  Kuvira is too good! Just go into the Avatar State and get it over with!
Korra: No, I'm only going to use that as a last resort.
Jinora:  Be careful.
As Opal and Jinora leave Korra, retreating to a safe distance, Korra cracks her neck and takes up a fighting stance. Kuvira steps forward to challenge Korra.
Kuvira: Use whatever you want: all the elements; the Avatar State; anything you need.  I know you're a little rusty.
Korra: Enough talk!
The Avatar fires two jets of flame at Kuvira, who sidesteps the first and ducks under the second, slightly off guard. She spins back around to face Korra, who, jumping toward her opponent, flings an arc of fire at her. Kuvira dodges again as another blast of flame misses her. Korra bends a stone up at Kuvira's face, but she swings her head out of the way barely in time. Dodging another fiery punch, she very rapidly bends a slab of earth between her and Korra, breaking the Avatar's attack and pushing her arm up, leaving her side unprotected. Utilizing the opening she created in Korra's defenses, she bends a chunk of rock right in Korra's stomach. As the Avatar stumbles back, she flings two metal clasps at Korra's extended wrist and ankle and uses them to fling her tumbling through the air. Korra crashed to the ground, tumbling to a stop and momentarily unmoving. The soldiers in Kuvira's army cheer loudly, though as the frame rolls right, it shows Zhu Li, who is standing on the front line, is clapping unenthusiastically with a disinterested look on her face. Kuvira straightens up, laughing as she resumes her fighting pose.
Kuvira: Looks like the Avatar's a little off her game!
Korra struggles to get to her feet; as she finally rises, Opal calls out to her.
Opal: Don't let her get you frustrated! She wants you to make a mistake!
</scene>

<scene>
Korra launches a fissure at Kuvira, but she rolls out of its way and also dodges Korra's airbending attack. The Avatar launches herself into the air and shoots an air blast at Kuvira, which she dodges once again. Korra shoots fire, but the metalbender moves the earth under Korra, causing her to lose balance, and knocks her down with a rock to the chest. Korra shoots a couple more fire and air blasts, but Kuvira dodges them all and traps Korra's foot in a fissure before blinding her with a metal band and hitting her again with a rock. Tearing the metal from her face, Korra rises to her feet once more, firing another fire blast at a waiting Kuvira. Cut to an outside shot of Kuvira's train, racing through a valley, then another cut to the train's interior, where Varrick is working on the spirit vine project under supervision of Baatar Jr.. Varrick is holding out a hand to Bolin, who stands behind him.
Varrick: Bolin, do the thing.
Bolin: What thing?
Varrick:  The thing! I never had to tell Zhu Li what thing!
Bolin: I'm not Zhu Li, okay? Pretend I don't know anything about anything that's happening here, also pretend I don't want to build a super weapon or get my hands blown off!
Varrick walks over to the table and grabs a pair of pliers, demonstratively showing them to Bolin, before continuing his work on the stasis capsule. Baatar Jr. walks in a little closer, eyeing his work.
Baatar Jr.: Walk me through what you're doing. I want to know every detail of your work.
Varrick:  You know, when I started working with the vines,  the point was to find a clean, unlimited source of energy, not develop some spirity death ray.
Bolin:  Clean energy! Sounds great! Who doesn't like that stuff? Let's do that instead!
Baatar Jr.:  Quiet! You're here to help, not talk.  And you of all people, should realize that once a discovery is made, it is our responsibility as scientists  to pursue it as far as we can.  Wherever it leads.
Varrick:  How would you know? You couldn't discover a wolfbat if it was building a nest in your butt.
Bolin chuckles in the background.
Baatar Jr.:  You're pathetic.  Wolfbats don't build nests.
Varrick:  Ooh. You got me there, Dr. Science. You'll never know how it feels to give birth to genius, only to have it kidnapped, and raised by fools!
Baatar Jr.: Are you done with your rambling, or do the guards need to encourage you to continue your work? 
Varrick:  Okay, okay,  The last time we ran the current through the vine  we couldn't control the power, so I'm trying something new to see if I can direct it.
</scene>

<scene>
Quick cut to Bolin, who looks confused by the wink. Cut back to Kuvira and Korra fighting. The Great Uniter dodges a couple of blasts from Korra, before shooting a few metal plates at her, all of which miss Korra. The Avatar launches herself high into the air and tries to land a hit on Kuvira from there, but is knocked down again. She gets back up, but continues to fail landing a hit on Kuvira. The metalbender traps her hand in a plate, launching her far away again. Kuvira shoots a few rocks, but Korra throws up a wall of cover for herself; the two opponents push the wall back and forth in an attempt to knock the other down, to no avail. While Korra is holding the boulder at bay, close to herself, Kuvira disintegrates the rock, causing Korra to fall to her knees.
Kuvira:  Come on, Avatar, get up! Show me what you've got!
</scene>

<scene>
Quick cut to Opal and Jinora, watching Korra uncertainly. Opal suddenly rushes forward.
Opal: We have to help her!
Korra:  No! Stay back! I can handle this.
</scene>

<scene>
Kuvira gets back in a fighting stance, smiling as she does. Cut back to the train, where Bolin is playing with a screwdriver and Baatar is closely studying the spirit vine weapon.
Baatar Jr.: So I see how the current interacts with the vine, and here is a kind of directional tube, but that is baffling here at the base. It looks like that would only redirect the energy back where it came from. And what's that piece of equipment you're fiddling with now on the power source?
Varrick:  Hand me the ... screw-turn-thingy, would ya?
Bolin: Ugh, I can't believe you're helping them, you know this isn't right. 
Varrick: Funny story, Bolin. I first got the idea for harnessing spirit power when I watched that giant Unalaq-monster attack the city from my jail cell. That giant monster set me free!  Trust me, kid, I know what I'm doing.  That ought to do it.  Huh.  Okay, stand back.  There we go!
Baatar Jr.: What's that ticking?
Varrick: That's the timer.
Baatar Jr.:  The timer for what?
Varrick: For the bomb, of course!
Bolin:  What?! What bomb?
Varrick:  The bomb that's gonna explode in five minutes and destroy this entire train, all of the spirit vines, and everything else within a few hundred yards.
As Bolin looks around the train in a panic, Varrick addresses Baatar Jr. with a smug smile; Baatar Jr.'s expression grow progressively more angry as Varrick continues.
Varrick: You know what, I'd get out of here if I were you. This is the first time I've built a timer and it might run a little fast. Bolin and I are ready to go down with the ship, or train, in this case, but you seem like you have a lot to live for.
By now, Baatar Jr.'s face bears a look of barely suppressed rage. Bolin, meanwhile, is completely panicked.
Bolin: Nononono! I'm not ready to go down with the ship, or the train!
Baatar Jr.: You're bluffing.
Varrick:  Stick around five minutes and you'll find out who's bluffing.  You'll be sorry you left me, Zhu Li! When they write the history books, your name will be synonymous with betrayal! People will say, "Hey, what happened to that guy? Oh, didn't you hear? He 'Varricked' himself because some girl 'Zhu Li'd' him!"
Baatar Jr.: Enough! What makes you think we would let you blow yourself up? You're working for Kuvira! You don't get to quit.  Grab him.
Varrick:  You try to pull me away from this thing and I'll hit this remote, and blow it immediately!
Baatar Jr.: Why do you have a timer and a remote?
Varrick: Well, first, I built the timer, but then I thought, you could drag me off the train, so then I built a remote, but then I thought, do I really need the timer, because now I got a remote in my--  Whatever! I'm covering all my bases! The point is, you're leaving, we're staying!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut back to Zaofu, where Korra is still losing the fight against Kuvira. She shoots fire, but Kuvira turns the ground under Korra's feet, so that she faces the other way. Korra recovers and bends a boulder at her opponent, but she bends a metal plate around Korra's ankle, somersaulting her through the air, falling down a few yards away.
Suyin: You have to go into the Avatar State! Do it!
</scene>

<scene>
Korra watches Kuvira lunge for her and suddenly goes into the Avatar State, stopping Kuvira and blasting her away with airbending. Kuvira gets up again, but Korra launches herself after the metalbender, blasting her even farther away. Kuvira's hair untangles in the process; Korra rises up from the ground on an air spout, taking an enormous boulder with her, preparing to crush Kuvira. Kuvira pulls herself to her hands and knees, slowly raising her head to face Korra; Korra sees herself in the Avatar State as opposed to Kuvira's face, the same way she hallucinated herself before. Shocked, Korra panics and falls out of the Avatar state, dropping the boulder as she falls helplessly to the ground. Quick cut to Opal and Jinora, looking on.
Jinora: I don't understand. We got the poison out; what's wrong with her?
Kuvira: I knew you were weak.
Kuvira shoots two plates at Korra and suspends her in mid-air by her wrists. The metalbender smiles, before slamming Korra into the ground and encasing all but her head in a mound of earth, trapping her. She walks closer and, taking six metal plates and bending them to give them a razor's edge, prepares to kill Korra. Jinora and Opal, seeing what is about to transpire, send simultaneous blasts of air at Kuvira; caught off guard, she flies through the air, landing hard on her back in front of her troops. Rising to her feet with the help of two of her soldiers, she angrily cries out at the airbenders.
Kuvira: You broke our agreement!  Attack!
The army charges forward and Jinora and Opal create a tornado to hold them back. Several soldiers are blown away and the rest are rendered unable to do anything but brace against the raging wind.
Jinora:  Keep them back, I'm calling for help!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to inside Zaofu, where Huan is watching how Ikki draws a colorful, childish portrait of herself. Meelo, to her left, is also painting.
Huan: Stunning work, Ikki. It hurts my eyes with its ... raw, emotional power!  Ugh, pedestrian. I already know what you look like on the outside, I want you to show me, the inner Meelo!
Jinora's astral projection appears before them.
Jinora: Help! You have to get Korra and the rest of us out of here now! Hurry!
Meelo:  Finally! Let's get it on!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut back to the train, where Baatar Jr. and his men are evacuating Varrick's lab.
Bolin: That's everyone, our half of the train is clear.
Varrick: That's good, we're almost out of time.
Baatar Jr.:  You're insane.
Varrick:  You knew that when you hired me! Bolin, do the thing!  Unhook the cars, oh, come on, that was an easy one!
The cars are unhooked with a single pull of a lever, shutting the door of Varrick's lab, while the rest of the train pulls away from them.
Bolin: Man, that was great! I gotta admit, you had me going there for a while, I really thought you were gonna blow us up! Now, how do we turn this thing off?
Varrick: Ooh, we can't turn it off. We're gonna blow up--  --but, we had a pretty good run, right?
Bolin:  What are you talking about, "a good run"? I'm still running! I like running!
He runs over to the machine, looking at it from various angles, but does not know what anything does. He looks around the car and sees a hatch in the floor. He runs over and opens it, sticks his head through, and sees that it leads down to the tracks.
Varrick:  I'll see you on the other side,  Zhu Li.
Bolin:  I want you to know,  I hate you.
They jump down the hatch and Bolin catches them with his earthbending. Baatar Jr. is looking through a spyglass at the train as it suddenly blows up in a bright purple flash.
Baatar Jr.: I can't believe he actually blew himself up. That man was crazier than a sewer pipe elephant-rat.  Let's get back to Zaofu.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the crater, where Bolin breaks through the wall, letting him and Varrick come out of a tunnel, coughing. Varrick starts laughing and lets out a victory roar.
Varrick: Yes!  You did it, Bolin, you did the thing! 
Bolin: I can't believe Zhu Li worked for you as long as she did.
Back at Zaofu, the tornado created by the airbenders is still going strong and even Kuvira's mecha tanks are struggling to move through the headwinds. Korra wakes up and breaks through the wall surrounding her, but she immediately falls to the ground.
Meelo:  Dive, Pepper, dive!  Here comes a hurricane!  You can't handle all this Meelo!
Jinora: We've got her, go! 
Opal: We have to save them!
Opal prepares to jumps off to get her mother and brothers, but she is stopped by Jinora and Ikki.
Suyin: Opal,  get out of here, we'll be fine!  Just go!
Opal:  I'll be back for you! I love you!
Kuvira:  Zaofu is ours! 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to inside Zaofu, where banners of the Earth Empire have been dropped down from high buildings.
Kuvira:  Bring the citizens of Zaofu to kneel before the Great Uniter! All who pledge their loyalty to me will keep their freedom and will be dealt with fairly as full citizens of the Earth Empire. The rest will be imprisoned as traitors, like Su Beifong and her sons. Now bow!
The crowd kneels down before her, save for Baatar and Huan. Baatar Jr., furious, walks up to his father.
Baatar Jr.: Bow to her! Do it! She is your rightful leader!
Baatar:  I am so disappointed in you, Junior.
Baatar Jr.:  Take them away! 
Huan: Get your hands off me! You're crushing my individuality!
Baatar Jr.: All hail the Great Uniter!
</scene>

<scene>
The crowd cheers, as Suyin lets her head hang in disappointment. Cut to Suyin's garden, where Kuvira is playing with a piece of meteorite, contorting it into various shapes with one hand while talking to Baatar Jr..
Kuvira: Are you sure, there's no way they survived?
Baatar Jr.: Positive. But I think I can replicate his work with the spirit vines and get us back on track. I'll just need an assistant.
Kuvira looks over to Zhu Li and smiles.
Kuvira: How would you like to help Baatar build the most powerful weapon the world has ever seen?
Zhu Li: It would be my honor, Great Uniter. 
Kuvira:  Begin dismantling the domes.
Roll credits.
Main Bolin Jinora Korra Opal Beifong Suyin Beifong Varrick Wei and Wing Antagonists Baatar Jr. Kuvira Military of the Earth Empire: Minor Baatar Huan Ikki Meelo Pepper Zhu Li<scene>
Shiro Shinobi:  Korra has reopened the Southern spirit portal and taken the first step to restoring balance between spirits and man. Meanwhile, tensions are high between Korra and her father after she discovered he was hiding a dark secret. Years ago, Tonraq was banished from the North. And now the Northern navy has landed on Southern shores. What other plans does Unalaq have for the Avatar?
</scene>

<scene>
The scene begins at the tribal palace, where Northern troops are marching to Southern civilians, creating a commotion.
Northern soldier: Everyone, clear the streets! Get back in your homes.
</scene>

<scene>
The civilians remain still and look at the troops with contempt. The Northern soldier gestures and two waterbenders bend ice barricades, separating the civilians. The troops continue marching. Cut to the harbor where waterbenders are forming ice walls around the docks, preventing ships from leaving. Cut to Korra and Unalaq.
Korra: Uncle, why did you bring your troops down from the North?
Unalaq: Now that you've opened the Southern portal, we need to protect it from the people who would do the spirits harm.
Korra:  I can protect it.
Unalaq: I need you for something more important. There is another portal, in the North. Once you open it, spirits and man will be able to move freely between the North and the South in a matter of seconds.
Korra: But, the solstice is over. How am I going to open it?
Unalaq: The spiritual energy is much stronger in the North. And now that you've opened the Southern portal, your energy is stronger as well.
Korra:  With both portals open, our tribes will be united again.
Unalaq: The world will be united again.
The setting changes to the Southern Air Temple, where Tenzin and Pema are relaxing. Kya is sitting on a rock, feeding lemurs.
Tenzin:  Ahh, I haven't felt this at peace since-  Aaand, it's over.
Bumi:  Gooood morning, Universe.
Kya:  Bumi, please, cover yourself.
Bumi:  Well, lookee here, "Vacation Tenzin" has finally decided to join us.
Tenzin: Yes, he has.  It's so nice to get to spend more time with my family.  Isn't that right, my little Rohan?  And I've really enjoyed having you two around. Reminds me of all those great vacations we took as kids with Dad.
Kya: Uhh, I think your memory's a little foggy.  Bumi and I weren't on those great vacations. It was always just you and Dad.
Tenzin:  No, that can't be right. What about the time he took us to Kyoshi Island to ride the elephant koi?
Kya: Nope, we weren't there.
Tenzin: Hmm. Oh, remember Ember Island? Those amazing sand palaces we built on the beach.
Bumi: You mean, you built? We never saw the place.
Tenzin: I could've sworn.
</scene>

<scene>
Jinora and Meelo arrive at the scene on air scooters. Poki flies and lands on Meelo's head when both siblings land on solid ground.
Bumi: Morning, kids! 
Meelo: Morning, Uncle Bumi!  Do you have a baby in there? 
Pema: Where's your sister?
Jinora: Who?
Pema: Ikki. About this tall.  Talks real fast. I'm sure you know her.
Jinora:  Uhh ...
Meelo: There was a lemur fight, but the bison told us not to worry because a giant was coming. Then we almost got eaten by a shark-squid! 
Bumi:  The shark-squid? He's here? It appears my old nemesis has found me. 
Pema:  Jinora, were you and Meelo teasing your sister again?
Jinora:  I don't know.  Maybe.  Yes.
Meelo: She ran away.
Pema:  Honestly, I don't know why you kids can't just get along!
Tenzin:  It's all right, dear, Ikki couldn't have gone far.,  I'll find her.
Bumi:  Commander Bumi reporting for duty! Search-and-rescue missions are my specialty.
Kya:  What do you say we all go together?
Tenzin: Sure, I could use the help.
Bumi: When I get back, we'll come out with a plan to take down that shark-squid once and for all!
Meelo:  Yeah!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut back to a Southern Water Tribe village, followed by the interior of Tonraq's house where there is a meeting.
Tonraq: Thank you for coming, everyone. I know these last few days have been very troubling. 
Varrick:  Troubling? Troubling is when I get that itchy rash that won't go away, and Zhu Li's not around to scratch it. This is shocking.  Nay, sickening! But these kale cookies? Opposite.  Remind me to get the recipe later. 
Tonraq: What's your point, Varrick?
Varrick: My point is,  Unalaq's already booted our chieftains out of their palace. How long before he starts telling us what kind of cookies  we can eat?
Zhu Li: Probably a couple of days.
Varrick:  Rhetorical question, Zhu Li, you gotta keep up.  Not to mention, I've got a cargo ship full of halibut that's rotting thanks to this harbor lockdown?  Who wants to buy a ship full of stinking fish?  Seriously, it's not rhetorical. I need to sell these fish.
Korra: Chief Unalaq is here to help the South. He wants to show us how to restore balance with the spirits so they'll stop attacking.
Varrick: The only spirit I'm interested in restoring is our spirit of independence. Am I right, people? 
Korra: All Unalaq is trying to do is make our tribes unified again.
Varrick: No, he wants control of our wealth. My wealth. And I like my wealth. If Unalaq doesn't pull his forces out, then we have no choice but to fight for our freedom! 
Korra: You want to start a war? Are you crazy?
Tonraq: Unalaq started this, not us.  I'm sorry, maybe you could speak with your uncle. Tell him how frustrated we all are. He'll listen to what the Avatar has to say. Do it for me?
Korra: I'll do it for the tribe. 
Varrick: I cannot stop eating these things.  Look, we all know where this conflict is heading. We need to start preparing for war.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a sweating Bolin pulling a rickshaw. Desna and Eska are seated at the back, with Pabu in Desna's hand.
Eska: I will hate to leave this quaint tribe.
Desna: Is that true, Eska?
Eska: Of course not, Desna, I will not miss it at all. I hold immense dislike for the South.  Bolin, laugh at my humorous quip!
Bolin: Yes, dear.  So-so funny. 
Bolin stops the rickshaw and runs to the side where he earthbends a small flight of stairs before gesturing for Eska to walk down.
Bolin:  You know, I'll be really sad when you have to leave. It's been really great getting to know you.  Really.
Eska: But you will be coming with me to the North. There we will live the rest of our lives together in icy bliss.  Foolish Bolin.
Bolin:  Mako! I'm so happy to see you! 
Mako: Uh, you all right, bro?
Bolin:  No! No, I'm not all right. I can't take anymore. Listen, I don't want to live in icy bliss with Eska!  Don't make me. Oh, please, please don't make me.
Mako: Uh, hey, if you're that unhappy, just break up with her.
Bolin: Break up with her? You can do that?
Mako: Yeah. Guys do that all the time.
Bolin: How?
Mako: Just tell her you're not that into her anymore.
Bolin: Oh, no, no, I don't think she'd like that.
Mako:  Ending a relationship is kind of like pulling off a blood-sucking leech. You just gotta rip it off and get it over with. You'll feel a lot better afterwards. Trust me.
Bolin: Thanks, Mako. Whew. I'm lucky you're so good at breaking girls' hearts.  Ha, Korra better watch out.  Oooh, no, it's just a-, uh, you kn-, uh, never mind.
Now inside of the Southern Water Tribe palace, Korra walks in to see Unalaq sitting on the throne.
Unalaq: Our next training sessions isn't until tomorrow.
Korra: I'm sorry to interrupt. It's about our conversation this morning.
Unalaq: Yes?
Korra: I understand why you brought your troops here, but I'm afraid it's sending the wrong message.
Unalaq: Your father has been talking to you.
Korra: Not just him. Varrick too. There was a meeting at my parents' house. A lot of Southerners feel like their tribe is being invaded.
Unalaq: I am their chief. I'm uniting, not invading.
Korra: I know, but I'm just afraid if something doesn't change, there could be a civil war.
Unalaq: If the Water Tribes were at war, the other nations would take sides. The dark spirits would thrive off this negative energy, and the world would be thrown into a battle between spirits and man. That would be catastrophic.
Korra: How do we stop it?
Unalaq: We? No, Korra.  This is a war only the Avatar can prevent.
Korra:  I'm usually the one starting fights. I don't know how to stop them from happening.
Unalaq: As the Avatar, you must remain neutral in this conflict. You will naturally want to help your people, but showing favoritism will not help our tribes finds unity.
Korra: Maybe Tenzin was right.  Maybe I'm not ready to be the Avatar.
Unalaq: Tenzin lacked faith in you.  But I have no doubt that you will become the most admired Avatar the world has ever known.
Korra: Thank you, Uncle.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a snow-covered street where a group of four Northern soldiers are marching into view. The civilians glare at the soldiers hatefully. The soldiers glare at the civilians before being pelted by snowballs.
Northern soldier: Who threw those?
</scene>

<scene>
Camera pans to roof, showing children giggling. A Northern soldier waterbends and sends the children to the ground.
Northern soldier: You hoodlums think you're tough, huh?
Southern civilian: Pick on a waterbender your own size!
Both civilians and soldiers waterbend, ready to attack.
Korra:  Stop!
Southern civilian: Tell these thugs to go back to the North. They're not welcome here anymore!
Northern soldier: These Southerners need to stay in line.
Korra: Everyone, calm down. You're all part of the same tribe, start acting like it.
Southern civilian:  You're taking their side? We thought you were one of us.
Korra:  I'm not taking anyone's side.  Hey!
Little girl: You're the worst Avatar ever!
Tonraq: Everyone, walk away from this. They're not worth our trouble. Go back to your homes.
Civilians drop their water and walk away. Soldiers follow suit.
Tonraq: Korra, I-  Korra!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the Southern Air Temple.
Tenzin: Ikki! Ikki! Ikki? Ikki, where are you?
Bumi:  Over here, Dad!  Just kidding. It's me!
Tenzin groans in annoyance. Kya comes running up behind him.
Kya: There's no sign of her anywhere.
Tenzin: Why would Ikki run off like this? Ah, it's probably my fault.
Kya:  Probably.
Tenzin: Excuse me?
Kya: I'm guessing you've been so busy with your  "duty" to Republic City that you forgot about your duty to your kids.
Bumi:  "Duty."
Kya:  What are you, five years old?
Tenzin: Kya, you're right. I haven't been spending enough time with them. I wish I could be as good a father as Dad was to us.
Kya: Tenzin, your problem is you're exactly like Dad. He was so focused on saving the world and doing his duty,  don't laugh, that he never had time for us.
Tenzin: Dad was under a lot of pressure.
Bumi: He always had time for you, though,  his precious little airbender.
Tenzin:  Dad loved us all equally. Besides, it all happened a long time ago. Why are we even talking about this?
Kya: Because you seem to have some grandiose delusion that we had a perfect, happy-go-lucky childhood. Guess what. We didn't!
Tenzin: We need to keep moving if we want to find Ikki before dark.
Kya:  See what he's doing there, Bumi? Classic airbender technique. Cutting and running when things get tough!
Tenzin: Uch.
Bumi:  Yeah. Did Dad teach you that move?
</scene>

<scene>
Cut back to the Southern Water Tribe, where Korra rides atop Naga and approaches Mako.
Mako: How was your day, sweetie?
Korra:  Oh, fabulous.  My tribe's about to go to war, and I'm supposed to stop it, but will anyone listen to me? No! And I didn't ask for my father's help. Can't he just let me be the Avatar?
Mako: Uh, do you want advice, or am I just supposed to listen? I'm still not clear on that.
Korra: Ugh. I'm sorry. My dad just gets me all worked up.
Mako: How about you take a break from all this Avatar stuff, and we go out for a quiet dinner. Just the two of us.
</scene>

<scene>
Korra grins, before the scene changes to a dining area where Korra gives a bored expression, while the camera pans to Mako, who gives the same expression. Cut to the opposite side where Desna and Eska are seated. Camera pans to Bolin.
Bolin:  Isn't this fun, huh? We never get to spend enough time together, just the ... five of us. So fun.
Eska: Excuse us while we retrieve more sustenance. 
Bolin: You guys gotta save me.
Mako: I though you were breaking up with her. What happened to "ripping off the leech"?
Bolin: I tried! But anytime I bring up the subject, she threatens to freeze me in a block of ice and feed me to dolphin piranhas!
Mako: So it was more like you tugged at the leech.
Bolin: Yes, over and over and over, but it won't come off. Why didn't you warn me your cousin had the power to reach into my heart and crush my soul with her bare hands.
Korra: Uh, 'cause I thought it was pretty obvious?
Bolin: No, no, not to me it wasn't. I'm very bad at reading people. You should know that by now.  Oh, man. Oh! Do something, Avatar!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut back to the Southern Air Temple, where Bumi, Kya, and Tenzin are walking. It is getting dark and Tenzin is holding a lantern.
Bumi: You know, this reminds me of a search-and-rescue mission I commanded years ago in the mountains outside of Ba Sing Se.
Tenzin:  Here we go.
Bumi: For five days we scoured the beast of a mountain, fighting our ways through blizzards, sandstorms, and three typhoons. Finally, we found the men huddled in a cave, seconds from death. With no time to lose, I piled all twelve of those poor souls on my back and single-handedly carried them down the mountain to safety.
Tenzin:  And how exactly is that supposed to help us find Ikki?
Bumi: It was supposed to inspire you. Clearly, you know nothing about being a leader of men. That's probably why the Avatar fired you.
Tenzin: I'm sick of your far-fetched tales. Three typhoons?
Bumi: Well, I may have thrown in an extra typhoon or two for dramatic effect, but-
Kya: Quit arguing and bring that lantern over here. I found footprints.
Tenzin walks up to Kya and follows the footprints with his lantern.
Tenzin: Come on! 
Bumi: No, follow me! This will get us down fifty times faster. 
Kya: Bumi, it's pitch black and the rocks are slippery. You're going to hurt yourself.
Bumi: Come on, you wimps! If I can do it, it should be no problem for a couple of benders.
Kya: Fine.
Kya descends the waterfall using waterbending to hold her. Tenzin leaps from ledge to ledge, using airbending to boost his leap. Both soon overtake their older brother, who grumbles.
Kya:  You were right, Bumi! That was faster!
Tenzin: At least fifty times faster, by my calculations. 
Bumi:  Oh, so Tenzin's the funny guy now.
Tenzin: If you need an airlift down, just say the word.
Bumi: Bah, I don't need your help. I've got everything under control.  Agh!
Tenzin:  Bumi!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the Southern Water Tribe, where Korra is riding back to her home. She enters and finds her mother seated.
Korra: Did Dad send you to talk to me?
Senna: Your father doesn't know I'm here.  Korra, what's going on between you two?
Korra: Ask Dad. 
Senna: I've tried, but he won't talk about it. Honey, it breaks my heart to see our family being torn apart like this.
Korra: You want to know what's been going on? I found out Dad's been lying to me my whole life. Unalaq told me everything; how Dad and Tenzin kept me trapped down here while I trained; how Dad got banished from the North.
Senna: So, the truth is out.
Korra: You knew? And you never said anything.
Senna: We were trying to keep our family together, to give you a normal childhood.
Korra: I never wanted a normal childhood. All I ever wanted to be was the Avatar. But everyone keeps holding me back, even my own parents! Unalaq's the only one who believes in me.
Senna: That's not true, Korra.
Korra: No? Then why is everyone in the South turning against me, when all I'm trying to do is help them?
Senna: The problems between the North and the South started long before you were born. You can't expect to undo them in a day.
Korra: So I should just sit back and let the Water Tribes go to war?
Senna: No, but this situation might be out of your control. Varrick's been plotting a rebellion against Unalaq. He asked your father to join, and-
Korra:  Dad is part of a rebellion?
Senna: I don't know, but I don't want you getting caught in the middle of it.
Korra: It's too late, Mom. I'm already in the middle of it. 
Senna:  Korra!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the interior of the palace, where Korra runs in.
Korra: Uncle!  Oh, no. Uncle?  Dad?  Dad, don't do this.
Rebel: Turn around, Avatar, and pretend you didn't see anything.
Korra: No. Leave Unalaq and go. I'll tell him I tried to stop you, but you escaped. We can still avoid a war.
Rebel: No, we can't.
The rebel traps Korra within an ice wall while they escape. Korra punches a gap within her enclosure and pursues the rebels. While the rebels were running down a flight of stairs, Korra freezes the handrails and slides down in front of them.
Rebel: Get him out of here!
The rebel leader runs away. Korra tries to follow, but is blocked by an ice wall.
Korra: We're all part of the same tribe. I don't wanna hurt you.
The rebels prepare to attack Korra, but she dodges their offenses. Korra leaps up and grabs a banner while evade the rebel's offenses. She runs up a pillar and tosses the banner against two rebels, using airbending to ensnare them. Korra continues dodging the remaining rebels' offenses and grabs the rope of one of the rebels and kicks another rebel, slamming him unconscious on the staircase. She ties the rope around the rebel's wrist and swings him to a pillar, knocking him out. Korra runs out of the palace to see the rebel leader leaving.
Korra: Dad, stop!  Why did you do this, Dad?  What? Who are you? Where's my father?
Rebel leader: He wouldn't help us. He's a traitor, just like you.
</scene>

<scene>
Unalaq awakens. Cut back to the palace, where the rebels were led away in handcuffs.
Unalaq: Thank you for saving my life.
Korra: I'm just glad I got here in time.
Unalaq: Find Varrick. I want him to freeze in prison with the rest of these traitors. 
Korra: Wait, you can't just lock them away. That will only make the South angrier.
Unalaq: You want them to go free?
Korra: No. But let them stand trial for what they did. Every Water Tribe citizen deserves that right.
Unalaq:  Very well. I will respect the Avatar's wishes in this matter.
Korra:  Thank you, Uncle.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut back to the Southern Air Temple, where Kya is healing a dazed Bumi.
Kya: I told you those rocks were slippery. You're lucky you didn't kill yourself.
Bumi: You done with the lecture, Mom?
Kya: Oh, grow up! You haven't changed one bit since we were kids. You're still trying to prove you can do everything a bender can. Well, you can't. Deal with it.
Bumi: And you're not our mother. You don't get to tell me what I can and can't do. Deal with that.  Ugh.
Kya: Good luck healing yourself with your special nonbending powers.
Bumi:  Hey, hey, back me up here, Tenzin.
Tenzin: Kya's right. You're the oldest of us, but you always acted like the youngest. I had to become the responsible one.
Kya: You think you're the responsible one?  Where were you after Dad died and Mom was all alone? Because I was the only one who packed up and moved my whole life to be with her.
Tenzin: Sure, after years of flitting around the world, trying to find yourself. It was time for you to settle down somewhere.  You two have no idea how it feels to have the future of an entire culture on your shoulders.
Bumi:  Oh, boo-hoo. Must've been real hard for you, flying around the world with Dad, riding elephant koi all day.
Tenzin: Oh, so that's what this is all about.
Kya: That's what it's always been about. You think you're some savior who has to carry on Dad's legacy.
Tenzin: Who else is going to do it?
Kya: How about all of us?
Bumi: Yeah, we're Aang's kids too.
Kya: We never should have come on this vacation.
Bumi: I couldn't agree more.
Tenzin:  Well, I didn't want you to come in the first place. I can't be around you two right now. Go back to the temple and see if Ikki returned. I'll keep looking out here.
Bumi:  Fine.
Kya:  Fine.
Tenzin: Fine.
</scene>

<scene>
Kya and Bumi walk back to the air temple, leaving Tenzin alone as he continues the path. Cut to the Southern Water Tribe village where Korra rides back to her home and opens the door to see her parents eating. Tonraq and Senna look up to her, smiling.
Korra: Is it okay if I come in?
Senna: Of course. We heard what happened. Are you okay?
Korra:  I'm so glad you weren't there. I don't know what I would've done.
Tonraq: I had no idea how far Varrick was willing to go. My brother and I have our differences, but I would never attack him.
Korra: I'm sorry for thinking you had anything to do with the rebels. And for all the pain I've caused you and Mom.
Tonraq: I'm the one who should apologize. After I saw the Southern Lights return, I was so proud of you. I never should've held you back.
Senna: When your father and I found each other, all we wanted was to live a simple life and raise a family. But, then we discovered you were the Avatar, and simple was over. We knew one day the world would need you, and you wouldn't need us anymore.
Korra: Mom, Dad,  of course I still need you.
Tonraq:  We weren't expecting you.
Unalaq:  Tonraq, Senna, you are under arrest and will stand trial.
Tonraq: Trial? For what?
Unalaq: For conspiring to assassinate me.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Korra and her parents looking in shock and disbelief.
Fades to credits.
Main Bumi Korra Kya Tenzin Tonraq Unalaq Antagonists Northern military Southern Water Tribe rebels: Minor Bolin Desna and Eska Jinora Mako Meelo Naga Pabu Pema Senna Varrick Zhu Li<scene>
Shiro Shinobi:  Love is in the air! Since Avatar Korra has arrived in Republic City she's only had eyes for one fellow: Mako. The feeling seemed mutual until a fateful accident intervened. Now Mako's affections have fallen right into the arms of the beautiful Asami. Will love prove to be Korra's most formidable foe yet?
</scene>

<scene>
The episode opens up to show a slowly zooming in aerial shot of the the Pro-bending Arena as it snows. Cut to a frontal, close-up shot of a determined looking Korra handling a water blob. The camera moves back as she splits it in two, and rapidly launches each smaller water bullet in a different direction. Cut to a side-shot of Bolin, who raises his right arm in front of him, an earth disk following the motion and hovering in front of his face. As the water blob Korra launched at him strikes the disk, he is shoved slightly backward by the impact. Cut to a frontal shot of Mako, who moves back and twists around, vaporizing the incoming blob with a fire arc. He immediately retaliates with two fire punches. Cut to an overview shot of the entire gym and the practicing Fire Ferrets. Bolin's earth disk is pulverized by Mako's fire attack. Korra aims another rapid water blast at Mako, who jumps over it, while Bolin launches an earth disk at Korra, forcing her to shield herself with water from a nearby tank. Mako fires a blast at each of his team mates, which both of them block with their respective element. A second fire blast hits Bolin square in the stomach. Cut to a frontal shot as he is flung backward. As he is falling down, he raises and launches a last earth disk. Cut to Korra who directs a water blob away from her, but is knocked back with a grunt as the earth disk plants itself in her stomach. Cut to Mako as Korra's water attack hits him straight in the face, flinging him to the ground several meters from where he was standing. Switch back to the overview shot of the gym as they all sit up and laugh. Cut to a frontal shot of Mako as he stands up and takes off his helmet, resting his left hand on his hip.
Mako:  It's been great having you at so many back-to-back practices, Korra.
Korra:  Feels good to be back, although  Tarrlok isn't too happy about my leave of absence.
Bolin: Hey, you joined the Fire Ferrets before you joined his task force.
Mako: Okay, come on, team huddle time!
The team huddles up, smiling at each other.
Mako: It's our first match of the tournament tonight. I know the three of us haven't been a team for very long, but even so, the Fire Ferrets have never been this good. Are we ready?
Korra and Bolin: We're ready!
Asami:  Not quite, you'll need these. 
Mako: Hey, Asami.
Asami: Good morning, sweetie.
Korra looks annoyed.
Mako: These new uniforms look great!
Asami: You look great, champ!
Mako and Asami do an 'Eskimo kiss'. Bolin looks with a "Really?" expression, while Korra shows her disgust, but quickly acts normal when Mako turns to her.
Mako: Well, teammates, I'll see you before the match tonight. Asami and I have a lunch date.
Bolin:  Okay, we'll check you guys later, you know, we'll see you when we see ya.
Korra picks up her bag in silence.
Bolin:  So, Korra. There they go, here we are, all alone in the gym, just you and me, two alone people. Together. Alone.
Korra: Ah, I gotta head back to the air temple to train with Tenzin. See ya!
</scene>

<scene>
Bolin looks disappointed about his failed attempt to pick a date with Korra. The scene cuts to the brothers' attic, where Mako is preparing dinner while Bolin is preparing a bath for Pabu. The animal protests his owner's act, but Bolin finally manages to dip Pabu into the tub of water, who subsequently rises from it, shaking off water from his body with a look of defeat.
Bolin: Work with me here, Pabu! You wanna look spic and span in your new uniform, don't you?  So, what do you think of Korra, in a "girlfriend" sort of way?
Mako: She's great! But I think it makes more sense for me to go for Asami.
Bolin:  I was talking about a girlfriend for me! Leave some ladies for the rest of us!
Mako: I know, that's what I thought you meant.
Bolin: Well ...?
Mako: I don't know, Bo. It doesn't seem like a good idea for you to date Korra.
Bolin: You just said she was great two seconds ago.
Mako: Yeah, Korra is a great athlete and the Avatar and stuff, but I don't know if she's really "girlfriend material". She's more like a pal.
Bolin: Bro, you're nuts! Korra and I are perfect for each other: she's strong, I'm strong; she's fun, I'm fun; she's beautiful, I'm gorgeous! Okay, I don't care what you think, I'm gonna ask Korra out.
Mako: Look, it just isn't smart to date a teammate, especially during the tournament. Keep your head out of the clouds and your priorities straight, okay?
Bolin: Yeah, yeah, I know, gah.  You know what I'm talking about, Pabu, I'm talking about real love. 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Air Temple Island. Korra, Jinora, and Ikki are feeding fruit to ring-tailed lemurs in the snow.
Jinora: So, how's it going with the tall, dreamy firebender boy? You've been spending a lot of time together lately.
Ikki: Oooh, yeah! Tell us all about the magical romance.
Korra: What?  Listen to you two, I-I'm not interested in Mako or any romantic stuff.  Besides he's all into that prissy, beautiful, elegant, rich girl ... but let's just pretend for a second I am interested in him. What would I do?
Jinora: Ooh! I just read a historical saga where the heroine fell in love with the enemy general's son, who's supposed to marry the princess. You should do what she did!
Korra:  Tell me!
Jinora: She rode a dragon into battle and burned down the entire country.  Then she jumped into a volcano. It was so romantic!
Korra: Uhh ...
Ikki: No, no, no!  The best way to win a boy's heart is to brew a love potion of rainbows and sunsets that makes true lovers sprout wings and fly into a magical castle in the sky, where they get married and eat clouds with spoons and use stars as ice cubes in their moonlight punch. Forever and ever and ever! 
Korra: The volcano is starting to make more sense to me now. 
Korra:  Oh, hey Pema. Uh, how long were you standing there?
Pema: Long enough. But trust me, I know what you're going through. Years ago I was in the exact the same situation, with Tenzin.
Ikki:  Daddy was in love with someone else before you?
Pema: That's right.
Korra: So what did you do?
Pema: Well, for the longest time, I did nothing. I was so shy and scared of rejection, but watching my soul mate spend his life with the wrong woman became too painful. So I hung my chin out there and I confessed my love to Tenzin. And the rest is history.
Korra, Ikki, and Jinora: Wooow!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the Pro-bending Arena.
Shiro Shinobi: Folks, after a year of waiting the Pro-bending Championship is finally here. Tonight is the first set of matches in our single elimination sixteen team bracket. And I gotta tell ya, these are the most tenacious and talented bending trios this arena has ever seen.
Ring announcer: Introducing our first team, the Future Industries Fire Ferrets!  And their opponents, the Red Sands Rabaroos!
The match between the Fire Ferrets and the Rabaroos starts.
Shiro Shinobi: What an explosive opening volley. Both teams quickly recover and unleash a barrage of bending. I am astonished with the level of improvement displayed here by the Fire Ferrets. No wonder the Avatar has been absent from the papers lately. She's obviously had her nose to the grindstone in the gym. The Ferrets advance into Rabaroo territory and are holding nothing back. Nice sprawl there by Mako. Bolin strikes, Ula dodges, and all three Rabaroos are down. The Fire Ferrets easily take round one!
Ring announcer: Round two!
Shiro Shinobi: The Rabaroos are looking for payback and they go straight after Bolin. Korra comes to his defense and water-whacks Umi back into zone two! The Ferrets are on fire tonight and they win round two.
Ring announcer: Round three!
Shiro Shinobi: With the Rabaroos down two rounds they'll need a knockout to win, and with the way the Fire Ferrets are playing I don't see that happening. These Ferrets are working together like a well-oiled bending machine. Bolin passes Adi back into zone two and the Ferrets get the green light to advance. The Rabaroos are just fighting to stay at their feet at this point. Out goes Adi, and Ula, and Umi!
Ring announcer: All three rounds go to the Future Industries Fire Ferrets to win the opening match of the tournament!
Bolin:  That's what I'm talking about!  Thank you, thank you very much! Thank you all you fans!
Mako:  Wow, we were really connecting out there in that ring.
Korra: Yeah! You know, I feel like the two of us have been connecting really well out of the ring, too.
Mako: Uh, sure.
Korra: So, I was thinking we should spend some time together.
Mako: Oh, we've been spending lots of time together.
Korra: I mean outside of the gym, and not while searching for kidnapped family members or fighting chi blockers.
Mako: I don't know. Asami and I have —
Korra:  Look, I really like you and I think we are meant for each other! 
Mako:  Korra, I'm really sorry, but I just don't feel the same way about you.
Korra: Forget I ever said anything ...
Asami:  Congratulations, guys! You were so amazing out there. 
Mako and Korra look uncomfortably at each other. Korra takes a seat and Bolin takes a seat next to her.
Bolin: So, Korra, I was thinking, you and me, we could get some dinner together, sort of a date situation.
Korra: Oh, that's really sweet, but I don't think so. I don't feel very date-worthy.
Bolin: Are you kidding me? You're the smartest, funniest, toughest, buffest, talentedest, incrediblest girl in the world!
Korra:  You really feel that way about me?
Bolin: I felt that way since the moment I saw you! Trust me, I know we're gonna have so much fun together.
Korra:  You know what? I could use some fun. Okay, sure!
Bolin: Yes! Who's the luckiest guy in the world? Right here, Bolin!
</scene>

<scene>
Mako watches while holding Asami, but Asami clings into him and rests her head on his shoulder. Mako still thinks about Korra and Bolin. Cut to Bolin and Korra eating in Narook's Seaweed Noodlery, Naga resting in front of the door.
Bolin:  So, how do you like it?
Korra:  Hmm, it's delicious and totally authentic! I didn't realize how much I missed Water Tribe grub.
Bolin:  That's great, 'cause this is my favorite joint. See? You love Water Tribe food, I love Water Tribe food, just another reason we are so great together.
Korra:  They are good noodles! Hey, who's that creepy guy over there who keeps glaring at us?
</scene>

<scene>
Camera flips to show Tahno at a table with a girl in each arm and some guys with him.
Bolin: That's Tahno and the Wolfbats, the reigning champs, three years running. Don't make eye contact.
Korra disobeys and looks straight at him. Tahno walks up toward Korra and Bolin, along with his company.
Bolin: Uh-oh, here he comes. Now don't mess with this guy, he's a nasty dude. 
Tahno:  Well, well, well, if it isn't the Fire Ferrets. Pro-bending's saddest excuse for a team. Tell me, how did a couple of amateurs like you luck your way into the tournament? Especially you, Avatar. You know, if you'd like to learn how a real pro bends, I could give you some private lessons.
Korra:  You wanna go toe-to-toe with me, pretty boy?
Tahno: Go for it. I'll give you the first shot. 
Bolin:  Korra, don't. He's just trying to bait you. If you hit him, we're out of the tournament.
Korra whistles and Naga busts through the window, roaring loudly at Tahno. He falls over, but his friends behind him catch him and they walk away. Korra and Bolin laugh.
Bolin: Whoa, ho, ho, I've never seen someone harass Tahno like that. You are one of a kind, Korra.
</scene>

<scene>
Korra and Bolin are drinking cocktails with straws. Bolin burps and is ashamed, but Korra notices this and burps even louder, to which Bolin burps again, louder this time, and Korra burps again yet even louder, and they both start laughing. The couple next to them looks on in horrified disgust. The scene now shows the Harmony Tower. The camera pans up from the bottom to the top of the tower and shows Korra and Bolin, along with many other couples, watching the city by night from the top of the tower. Korra really enjoys the view, and Bolin enjoys Korra having a good time. Cut to Mako sitting in front of the arena, sad. Korra walks up to him, he stands up.
Mako:  What kind of game are you playing?
Korra:  Uh ... Pro-bending? We've got the quarterfinal match.
Mako: No, I mean with Bolin. You've got him all in a tizzy and I know you're only using him to get back at me.
Korra: I am not, we're just having fun together. What do you care, anyway?
Mako:  I'm looking out for my little brother. I don't want to see his heart get broken.
Korra: Wait a second ... you're not worried about him, you're jealous! You do have feelings for me!
Mako: What? Jealous? Don't be ridiculous.
Korra: Admit it! You like me.
Mako: No, I'm with Asami.
Korra: Yeah, but when you're with her you're thinking about me, aren't you?
Mako:  Get over yourself!
Korra:  I'm just being honest.
Mako: You're crazy!
Korra: You're a liar! 
Random stranger: Hey Mako-! Oh ... 
</scene>

<scene>
Cuts to the interior arena.
Shiro Shinobi: Eight teams have been eliminated and eight advance into the quarter finals, which get underway way tonight. The rookies are about to take on the former and longest-reigning champs, the Boar-q-pines. Youth clashes against experience in a battle for the ages, or rather of the ages.  Korra dodges and, ooh, slams right into her teammate! Down goes Mako and Bolin and Korra!
Ring announcer: Round one goes to the Boar-q-pines!
Mako:  You were supposed to defend while I attacked!
Korra: I had an opening so I took it!
Bolin: What is up with you two? All right, whatever, just pull together, guys.
Shiro Shinobi: The Ferrets looking to mount some offense here in round two. Bolin lets fly a flurry of attacks, he's a one-man bending battalion. The Ferrets are having a rough time finding their rhythm tonight, but thanks to Bolin, they narrowly notch round two. Not sure what's eating them, but this is not the same team who took out the Rabaroos.
Ring announcer: Round three is a tie! We go to a tie-breaker to decide the match.
Referee: The Fire Ferrets win the coin toss!  Which element do you choose?
Mako: I got this.
Bolin: I know you usually handle these, but frankly, your head's not in the game. I'm gonna take this one.  We choose earth.
Shiro Shinobi:  Looks like the earthbenders will collide in the tie-breaker face-off. Bolin goes in for the grapple, Chang reverses. Bolin strikes from midair, knocking Chang to the edge of the circle. Another strike from Bolin, and Chang is in the drink!
Ring announcer: The Future Industries Fire Ferrets win their quarterfinal match! 
Korra and Mako are relieved that Bolin won the tie-breaker, but look away from each other angrily.
Shiro Shinobi: Oh, that was a close one folks! Youth trumps experience tonight.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Korra, staring from the balcony in sadness and anger, as Mako walks up to her.
Mako: We need to talk. Look, sometimes you can be so infuriating. But I —
Korra: Save your breath. You've already made it clear how you feel about me.
Mako: No, I haven't. What I'm trying to say is: as much as you drive me crazy, I also think you're pretty amazing.
Korra: So you do like me?
Mako: Yes, but, I like Asami, too. I don't know, things are complicated. I've been feeling really confused and —
Korra interrupts Mako by kissing him on the lips. It surprises him, but he kisses her back, making her blush. When they break the kiss, Korra immediately looks down in shame after having seen something behind Mako. Mako turns around to find Bolin standing there with flowers for Korra. He bursts into tears and runs away, dropping the flowers on the floor.
Mako: Bolin, this isn't what you think!  Great, look at what you did!
Korra:  You're blaming me?
Mako:  You kissed me!
Korra:  You kissed me back!
Mako raises his fists and growls in frustration, before running after Bolin.
Korra:  Well played, Korra.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Mako walking into Narook's Seaweed Noodlery.
Mako: Morning, Narook. My brother here?  Thanks.  Come on. Wake up. Taking you home, bro.
Bolin:  Don't call me that. You're not my brother! You're a brother betrayer!  The only one I can trust anymore is Pabu! Pabu loves me. 
Mako: You're a mess, and we've got the biggest match of our lives tonight. Let's go. 
Bolin:  No! I'm not going anywhere with you, you traitor! 
Mako: Guess we'll have to do this the hard way. 
Bolin:  Why?
Mako: Told you dating a teammate was a bad idea.
Bolin: You're a bad idea! Put me down! Put me down!
</scene>

<scene>
Pabu flops off the table and slowly follows. Cut to Pro-bending Arena at night, followed by Korra entering the locker room. She looks at Bolin sitting dejectedly on a bench, and walks silently past Mako. Cut to the Ferrets lining up against the Buzzard Wasps.
Shiro Shinobi: You can't find two teams more evenly matched in age, size, and strength than the Fire Ferrets and the Buzzard Wasps. Believe me, I've looked! This should be a pulse-pounding semifinal, folks!  The Buzzard Wasps open with a flawlessly executed combo. All three Ferrets take an early visit to zone two. And Mako is knocked all the way back into zone three! The Fire Ferrets have been struggling to stay alive since the opening bell. All three players are totally out of sync tonight.  Ooh, that has got to sting!  And Bolin loses his noodles! Literally.  Which reminds me, this match is brought to you by our sponsor, Flameo Instant Noodles! Noodliest noodles in the United Republic.  The Buzzard Wasps fly deeper into Ferret territory. And Mako plunges into the pool! Can the Fire Ferrets hold on? The Wasps have the Ferrets backed up to the edge now ... and the Ferrets are bailed out by the bell! They had better pull themselves together for round two, otherwise they can kiss the finals goodbye.
Bell dings, second round begins. Mako gets knocked back a zone, and firebends a blast that hits Bolin in the back and knocks him to the ground.
Bolin:  Hey! Watch it! 
Shiro Shinobi: The Wasps take advantage of Mako's unforced error and Bolin is in the pool!  Ooh, and a blatant hold by the Avatar!
Referee:  Unnecessary roughness! Move back one zone!
Korra: I'll unnecessarily rough you up! 
Shiro Shinobi: And the Avatar is slapped with the yellow fan. The Ferrets are their own worst enemy right now. It's just sad to watch. With the Buzzard Wasps leading two rounds to zilch, the Ferrets' only hope of winning is with a knockout.
Mako: Well, I guess there's always next year.
Korra: Come on! We still have a chance, even if it is a slim one!
Bolin: The way we're playing, we don't even deserve to be in the finals.
Korra: Look, if we don't pull together and work as a team, we'll never forgive ourselves.
Mako: Let's just get this over with.
Bolin: The sooner, the better.
The three grimly head back to the starting line and the bell dings, signaling the start of round three.
Shiro Shinobi: Bolin's knocked into zone two, followed quickly by his brother!  And Bolin takes a zinger to the shoulder! Looks like it's a clean hit.
Bolin: Owww!
Mako: Bolin! 
Shiro Shinobi: Mako's in the drink and out of the match. And Bolin keeps playing with one good arm! I gotta hand it to him, this kid's got grit! But how long can he keep it up?  Apparently, not very long. The Ferrets' dream of making it to the finals now rests in the Avatar's hands. But with three on one, I don't like her odds. 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Bolin, pulling himself painfully out of the pool. He looks up as Mako kneels above him, smiling and offering a hand. Mako pulls Bolin up and steadies him.
Mako: Are you okay? How's your shoulder?
Bolin: Ahh, it's messed up pretty bad. But I think I'll be all right.  Are we gonna be all right?
Mako: Of course we are. We're brothers. We'll get through this mess. I'm sorry.
Bolin: Me too! Girls ...
Mako: Seriously.
Shiro Shinobi: What an unbelievable effort here by Korra! She's dodging every element the Wasps throw at her!  The Avatar finally gains some ground, but with only ten seconds remaining, it might be too little too late!  It's the big kibosh! What a knockout!
Bolin:  Yes! She did it!
Mako:  Yes! Yeah!
Shiro Shinobi: It didn't seem possible, folks, but the Fire Ferrets are headed to the finals!
Bolin: Ha, ha!  Shoulder! Shoulder!
Mako:  Sorry.
Bolin:  That, was pretty much the coolest thing I've ever seen.
Mako: Thanks for not giving up on us. We never would have made it this far without you. I owe you. Big time.
Korra: You're welcome. So ... I know things are confusing right now, but I hope we can still be friends.
Mako: Definitely.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the Wolfbats entering the locker room. Tahno enters last and inhales deeply with an expression of disgust.
Tahno:  Ooh, oof. You boys smell something in here? Wait, I know what that is; yeah, that's the scent of losers.
Korra:  I hope we see you in the finals. Then we'll know who the losers really are.
Tahno:  Yeah, I'm peeing my pants over here.
Ring announcer: And now, the defending champs, the White Falls Wolfbats!
Korra growls at the White Fall Wolfbats, as Asami runs to Mako and throws her arms around his neck.
Asami: Great job!  What a comeback, Korra. I've never seen a hat trick like that.
Korra: Thanks!  But, if it hadn't been for you and your father, we wouldn't have had the chance to play. So thank you.
Bolin: Uh, if everyone's done with the little "thank you" party, need some medical attention over here.
Korra: Ooh, let me help! 
Bolin:  Owww! Gah! Haven't you hurt me enough, woman?
Korra: Relax, I'm a healer!  I learned from Katara, the best there is.
Bolin: No, no, oh- ooh! That's the stuff!
Korra: Bolin, I'm sorry I hurt your feelings. I didn't mean to let things get so out of hand.
Bolin: Ahh, I'll be all right. But we had fun together, didn't we?
Korra: I had a great time, honestly! You are one of a kind, Bolin.
Bolin: Please, go on. I enjoy praise.
Ring announcer: Your winners, the Wolfbats!
Korra: What? How is it over already?
Shiro Shinobi: With a brutal round one knockout, the defending champs secure their spot in the finals.  I hope the Ferrets know a good doctor, 'cause they're gonna need one!
Close-up on the astonished faces of the three Fire Ferrets as the episode ends. Fade to credits.
Main Asami Sato Bolin Korra Mako Antagonists White Falls Wolfbats Ming Shaozu Tahno: Minor Ikki Jinora Mo Ce Mongoose Lizards Naga Narook Pabu Pema Pro-bending referee (semi-finals) Ring announcer Shiro Shinobi White Falls Wolfbats fangirls<scene>
Shiro Shinobi:  Amon's revolution grows stronger by the day. First, he attacked the bending arena! Then it was discovered that Hiroshi Sato was the mastermind behind the Equalist gloves and mecha tanks! And most recently, Amon ambushed Councilman Tarrlok, took his bending, and nearly captured the Avatar as well! Everyone is on edge, wondering where will Amon strike next?
</scene>

<scene>
Naga and Pabu are seen curled up in a courtyard on Air Temple Island. Cut to a shot of Korra lying asleep in bed with her hair all undone, as Mako watches over her. He holds her hand, while Asami watches silently from a doorway. She looks down sadly and leaves. Cut to Tenzin entering his room, where his wife and children are all sleeping in one bed. He sits next to the bed and places his hand on Pema's stomach, as both she and Jinora open their eyes.
Jinora:  Daddy, you're home. We waited up for you. Is Korra okay?
Tenzin: Yes, she's fine, sweetie. 
Ikki: I was scared. I thought she wasn't coming back.
Tenzin:  I'm sorry you were scared, but everything is going to be fine now. I promise.
In the dining hall at Air Temple Island, Korra chows down on food while sitting at a table with Bolin, Mako, Asami, Tenzin, Lin, and Pema.
Korra: Mmm. Mmm. The food tastes amazing, Pema. I'm finally starting to feel like myself again.
Pema:  We're so thankful you're home safe.
Asami:  Let me help.
Tenzin: Korra, I realize you've been through a lot, but I need to know everything that happened.
Korra: Well, first off, Tarrlok isn't who he says he is. He's Yakone's son. 
Lin: It all makes sense now. That's how Tarrlok was able to bloodbend us without a full moon.
Tenzin: But how did you escape? And where's Tarrlok?
Korra: Amon captured him,  and took his bending.
Tenzin:  What?
Korra: Yeah, he showed up out of nowhere. He almost got me, too.
Tenzin: This is very disturbing news. Amon is becoming emboldened. Taking out a councilman, almost capturing the Avatar ... I fear Amon is entering his endgame.
</scene>

<scene>
Bolin, Korra and Mako exchange glances of concern. Cut to Asami and Pema washing dishes in the kitchen. Pema suddenly doubles over and cries out in pain.
Asami:  Pema, are you all right?
Pema: The baby is ... just kicking, really hard, is all. I'm fine.
Asami:  Should I get Tenzin?
Pema: No reason to worry him, it's nothing.
Mako walks into the kitchen carrying a teapot.
Mako: Can I get some hot water? Korra needs more tea.
Asami:  You're a firebender. Boil it yourself.
Asami continues washing her dish as both Mako and Pema stare at her with confusion.
Pema:  I'm- gonna step out in case you two want to talk. 
Mako:  Is there something we need to talk about?
Asami: I've noticed how you treat Korra. How you acted when she was missing.  You have feelings for her, don't you?
Mako:  What? No! She was taken by a crazy bloodbender! How did you expect me to act?
Asami:  I like Korra.  But you've been keeping the truth from me this whole time.
Mako:  The truth? About what?
Asami:  You're really going to make me say it?
Mako: Yes! Because I don't know what you're talking about!
Asami: The kiss, Mako.  I know.
Mako:  I- Well I-  Bolin told you, didn't he?!
Asami:  Don't blame your brother for what you did. Do you have feelings for Korra or not?
Mako: Look, things are crazy right now. Can we deal with our relationship problems later? 
Asami:  Well there might not be any relationship to worry about later. 
Mako: Asami! 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Tenzin walking through a courtyard, as Lin comes up from behind.
Tenzin: Lin, um, I, I- I need to ask you a favor. It would mean the world to me ... but I-I know it could be a- a potentially awkward situation; furthermore, - 
Lin: Spit it out already!
Tenzin: Will you stay here and watch over Pema and the children while I meet with the council? With everything that has happened lately, I want to be sure my family is in safe hands.
Lin:  Of course I'll help, old friend.
Pema walks up, holding Meelo.
Pema:  I didn't realize you two were out here.
Tenzin: Pema! Ye- yes- yes, Lin has agreed to help out around here and keep an eye on things while I'm away.
Pema: Thank you! I could use the extra pair of hands.  Would you mind giving him a bath? He's filthy.
Meelo sticks out his tongue and blows a raspberry at Lin, while continuing to laugh.
Lin:  This is not what I signed on for!
Tenzin: Thank you, Lin! Oogi, yip yip.
Tenzin takes to the sky on Oogi. Lin turns her head back to Meelo, who is picking his nose.
Meelo: I gotta poo!  Really bad!
</scene>

<scene>
Meelo grunts and Lin quickly metal bends a cable around his waist to avoid touching the soiled child. Lin makes a disgusted face and hurriedly carries him away. Cut to a large house in Republic City, before cutting to a room inside. The Fire Nation representative of the United Republic Council is pacing nervously about the room, while her husband is absorbed in a newspaper.
Councilwoman: Do you know where my keys are? I can't find them anywhere!
Husband:  No, dear.
Councilwoman:  Oh, found them!
Husband:  Good, dear.
Councilwoman: Don't wait up for me; this council session will probably go late into the night. 
Husband:  The door, dear.
The councilwoman opens the door to find two men in uniforms standing on the front step, one of which is actually Amon's Lieutenant in disguise. He quickly gives a sly smile before looking normal.
Lieutenant: We're here to fix a spider-rat problem. 
Councilwoman: I didn't call an exterminator.
The Lieutenant electrocutes her with the spray hose, which is actually disguised Equalist equipment. Both step into the house as a thumb of her body collapsing onto the ground can be heard.
Husband:  Dear?
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Tenzin landing on the roof of City Hall on Oogi. He dismounts and walks around the dome, where several workers are cleaning the glass. They nod at each other as Tenzin passes. He walks a few steps further, but pauses as he hears the fizz of electricity. He ducks in surprise as an electrified disk spirals over his head, and spins midair as another barely misses him. He lands on his feet as the Equalists in disguise drop to the ground and seize his wrists with bolas. Tenzin dodges their attacks, and airbends himself high into the air with an air sprout. The Equalist who was still standing on the ground is flung backward against the concrete wall by a gust of wind; he slumps down against it. Switch to a looking up short of Tenzin riding his air spout and the two Equalists holding onto their bolas for dear life as they are spun around. Unable to hold on any longer, they release their grip and are flung onto a nearby rooftop. Tenzin lands back on the ground as the door opens and the council page comes out.
Council page: Aah!  Ah, I'm so relieved to see you!
Tenzin: The other council members. Are they all right?
Council page:  I'm afraid not! I just received a call from Chief Saikhan. They've all been captured!
Tenzin: This can't be happening.
Council page:  The leadership of Republic City is in your hands now.
Tenzin and the page hear the sound of nearby explosions and run to the edge of the roof to see bombs falling onto the city from airships.
Council page:  It is a tragic day indeed!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Air Temple Island. Lin is standing in the courtyard with Tenzin's children and the White Lotus sentries, as the Equalists airships fly in overhead.
Lin: All right, kids, time to go inside.
Korra, Mako, Bolin and Asami rush in to see what is going on. Jinora, Ikki and Meelo walk back into the house.
Korra: We heard explosions, what's going on?
Lin: Republic City is under attack.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Hiroshi Sato, looking at a photograph of himself, his wife, and Asami as a child. He snaps the picture shut and tucks it away in his jacket pocket, before walking toward Amon, who is watching the city from the windows at the front of the airship.
Hiroshi Sato: I've dreamed of this day for so long.
Amon: Yes, the time has come for the Equalists to claim Republic City as their own.
</scene>

<scene>
Hiroshi Sato turns and looks at Amon. Cut to Republic City from across the bay, as smoke rises and sirens and explosions are heard. Korra, Mako, Bolin and Asami get off of Tenzin's boat and run off the dock.
Asami: Where did you say you parked the car?
Korra: It's right around here somewhere.  There it is.
Team Avatar runs to the Satomobile, which has crashed into a pole.
Asami:  Wow, nice parking job.
Korra: Hey, you guys got arrested and left me alone with the car! I made it very clear I don't know how to drive.
Bolin: All things considered you did a great job!  But how are we going to pay for all these parking tickets?
Mako:  Relax, the city is under attack. The police have more important things to worry about.
Asami:  This'll come in handy.  Why don't you sit in back? With Korra.
Mako: I think I will. 
Korra: Everything all right?
Mako:  Yeah, everything is terrific ...
Bolin:  Car! Oh, we're good.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to outside police headquarters before switching to a control room inside.
Male telegraph operator #1:  Chief! Air unit seven was just taken out by an Equalist airship. They've crashed into the harbor!
Saikhan: Send a river rescue unit.
Female telegraph operator: Chief, all the river rescue ships have been sabotaged!
Saikhan: What?
Tenzin:  Chief Saikhan.
Saikhan: Tenzin, am I glad to see you. I was afraid you'd been captured too.
Tenzin: I'm the only Council member left. What's the status?
Saikhan: Amon has launched simultaneous attacks across the boroughs. The police are trying to regain control but we're spread too thin.
Tenzin:  I need to send a wire.
Male telegraph operator #2: To whom, Councilman?
Tenzin: The general of the United Forces.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the halls of Police Headquarters, as people run in both directions. The camera pans up to the air vents, where smoke pours out. Amid the smoke, people cough and fall over.
Male telegraph operator #2: Councilman, your wire has been sent.
Female telegraph operator: Chief, the phone lines just went dead!
Saikhan and Tenzin glance at each other as an alarm goes off. The power goes out, silencing the alarm. Saikhan turns on a flashlight.
Saikhan: Catch. 
They both search the room with their flashlights. Tenzin notices smoke coming out of a vent.
Tenzin: Saikhan, the vents.  We need to evacuate immediately. Everyone stay close to me.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a smoke-filled hallway, where Tenzin walks down with an air dome to protect Saikhan and his workers. Cut to the headquarters' entrance, where Tenzin's party escapes the smoke and Tenzin stops airbending. Everyone in Tenzin's party gasp and the camera show an aerial view of six mecha tanks surrounding the entrance.
Tenzin: Not these mecha tanks again!
</scene>

<scene>
The mecha tanks hold up magnetic arms that attract the metalbender's police uniforms. Two metalbender officers get captured with this magnetism and Tenzin tries to save Saikhan by pulling on him with an air current. However, the magnet is too strong and captures Saikhan. The three mecha tanks deposit their metalbender officers into a truck. One mecha tank fires a pincer cable at Tenzin, but he airbends the cable down and continues attacking the mecha tank. Two mecha tanks fire cables at Tenzin, who once again deflects them with airbending. A mecha tank charges toward Tenzin and fires a pincer cable at Tenzin, knocking him against the wall of police headquarters. Tenzin uses an air wheel to soften his fall. He looks up and the camera changes to his point of view, as he sees the truck drive away.
Tenzin: Saikhan, no!
</scene>

<scene>
Tenzin looks up as he sees a burning police airship falling out of sight behind a building. He sees the telegraph operators being captured by Equalists on the City Hall steps. His vision blurs and goes black as the mecha tanks close in. Cut to an aerial view, as six mecha tanks surround Tenzin and close in. Cut to a street, where Asami drives around a corner and floors the gas pedal. Bolin earthbends two ramps in front of the car.
Asami: Jump!
Team Avatar bails out of the car before the ramps launch it into the air and knock one mecha tank into another. The four mecha tanks close in on Team Avatar. Mako, Bolin, and Korra engage the tanks with their bending. A mecha tank is attacked with fire, while the one to its left fires a cable, only to be knocked back by a stone slab. The first mecha tank fires a cable at Bolin, who dodges it by launching himself away. Mako attacks a mecha tank, only to be grabbed by a cable and electrocuted. Mako grabs the cable and redirects the electricity at the mecha tank. The electricity courses through the tank as its lights go out and it slumps on itself. Korra melts the nearby snow into two water streams and dodges one of the cable and runs up one of Bolin's ramps and bends the water into the exhaust pipes of another mecha tank. It begins malfunctioning and Bolin uses earthbending to knock it over. Two Equalists have just carried Tenzin to a truck and set him down when Asami electrocutes one from behind. She takes out five more Equalists as they attack her, nimbly dodging their attacks before electrocuting them. Tenzin groans and stands.
Tenzin:  Thank you.
</scene>

<scene>
Tenzin joins Mako, who is dodging a mecha tank's attacks. Tenzin positions himself beneath the tank and airbends it high into the air, sending it flying into the dome of City Hall. Cut to a view of the battle through a spyglass, before cutting to Hiroshi in Amon's airship.
Hiroshi:  Tenzin has escaped once again. I can't stand to see Asami fighting alongside those benders.
Amon: We'll capture them before long and you will have your daughter back.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Korra rushing up to Tenzin.
Korra: Are you all right?
Tenzin: I'm fine. Thank you, kids. Another moment later and I would have been on my way to Amon.
Mako: Uh, guys ... look.
He points down the street, where an Equalist airship can be seen arriving at Air Temple Island.
Tenzin: Oh no.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the airship as the hatch opens and the Lieutenant and a group of chi blockers can be seen inside. They look down at the island as a metal hook and cable fires from above their heads and attaches to the temple's stone steps. The chi blockers use harnesses to slide down the cable to the island. The White Lotus sentries are watching and charge forward to confront them. Cut to Lin standing in the courtyard, as Tenzin's family watches from the balcony.
Lin: Everyone, hide inside and remain calm.  Pull it together, Pema! Didn't I just say "remain calm"?
Ikki:  Mommy, what's wrong?
Pema:  The baby's coming!
Jinora:  Oh no!
Meelo: Not now, baby!
</scene>

<scene>
Two Air Acolyte midwives rush to help Pema and lead her inside, leaving the kids watching in concern. Cut to the White Lotus sentries watching as the chi blockers run up the steps. They begin bending at them as a cable from a second airship buries itself in the steps immediately below them. More chi blockers swing down, followed by the Lieutenant. Cut to Lin standing guard in the courtyard, as she listens to booted feet running. The Lieutenant and a group of chi blockers race up the steps and charge. Lin uses her cables to take out two chi blockers, before grabbing another Equalist with the cable. An Equalist runs up to her, which she intercepts with an earth column. She bends out another earth column and shoots the projectile to an Equalist's face. She groans and slams the floor, creating three earth columns that send the Equalists flying into the air. Cut to Pema in bed, as an Air Acolyte puts a cloth on her forehead.
Pema: The children, where are they?
Air Acolyte woman: Don't worry. They're in the other room, totally safe.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Lin fighting the Lieutenant. He intercepts her cables with his batons, sending a current through them to knock her over. The Lieutenant stands over her and raises his electrified kali sticks.
Jinora:  Stay away from my dad's ex-girlfriend! 
Lin: Jinora! You shouldn't be out here!
Ikki:  Get off our island! 
Lin: Girls! You need to go back inside this instant!
Meelo jumps down from the roof.
Meelo: Taste my fury! 
Lin: Meelo! Be careful!
Meelo sends three other blasts from his hands and rear, and makes a small air shield around himself to send the remaining Equalists flying. Close-up on Meelo, who has a drip of snot in his nose and an awkward slow motion face.
Lin: Never mind.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the Equalists bound and in a row in front of Lin, the children, and the White Lotus sentries.
Lin:  Take these Equalists and lock them in the temple's basement!  Nice work, kids. 
Jinora: Dad!
Oogi lands and Tenzin and Team Avatar dismount. Tenzin embraces his children.
Tenzin: Oh, thank goodness you're all right!
Meelo:  We caught the bad guys.
Tenzin:  You let them fight? Do you realize what could have happened?
Lin: I would have been toast if it weren't for your kids.  You should be proud. You taught them well.  Go on, be with your wife.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a hall, which Tenzin runs down, when he hears the cry of a baby.
Tenzin: Pema! 
Pema: Tenzin.
Tenzin:  I'm here, Pema.
Pema: Our new son. 
Tenzin:  Hello.  Come, meet your new brother.
Meelo:  A brother? Well it's about time!
Ikki:  Welcome, I'm Ikki, and this is Jinora and Meelo. We have a super great family and we're so happy that you're a part of it.
Jinora: What're you gonna name him?  Can I pick?
Pema: We already chose a name. 
Tenzin: Rohan.
</scene>

<scene>
Lin, Korra, and Mako watch the scene from near the doorway.
Korra:  I'm so sorry to interrupt, but more airships are coming.
Tenzin looks down at Rohan.
Ikki:  Everything's not gonna be fine, is it, Daddy?
Cut outside to Bolin and Asami. Korra, Tenzin, Lin, and Mako join them and they look at the incoming airships.
Korra: What do you want to do, Tenzin?
Tenzin:  I need to protect my family, and get them as far away from this conflict as possible. If Amon got his hands on my children ... I hate to even think of it.
Lin: If you're leaving, then I'm going with you.
Tenzin: But-
Lin: No arguments. You and your family are the last airbenders. There's no way in the world I'm letting Amon take your bending away.
Tenzin: Thank you, Lin. Korra, I want you to leave this island and hide for the time being.
Korra:  I'm not giving up.
Tenzin: I'm not asking you to. I sent word to the United Forces. They will be here soon. And once my family is safe, I will return. With the reinforcements, we can turn the tide in this war.
Korra: What you're saying is, we need to be patient. 
Tenzin:  You're learning well.  Stay safe, Korra.
Korra: You too.
Lin: Tenzin, if we're leaving, we'd better do it now.
Tenzin:  Oogi, yip yip!
The sky bison fly away from the island, as Korra and the team look up at them. Two Equalist airships begin to chase them, as more airships invade the island. One airship shoots out a cable near the team and Equalists come down on the island. The White Lotus guards run in front of Korra and her friends and take their stances.
White Lotus sentry #1: Go! We'll hold them off!
Korra:  Everyone, climb on!  Let's go, girl!
Naga runs away as more Equalists come down and encircle the White Lotus sentries, spinning their bolas as they begin to fight. As Team Avatar runs away, Bolin looks up and points at the Lieutenant.
Bolin: Mustache guy!
Lieutenant slides down the slope and jumps off to attack them. Naga jumps up and uses her right paw to smack the Lieutenant off of the cliff face as they run past.
Korra: Nice one, Naga!
</scene>

<scene>
Naga runs to the pier and jumps into the water. Korra waterbends a large water bubble around them as Naga swims to safety. The camera pans up to show Republic City under siege. Cuts to Oogi trying to evade the Equalist airships, but they are coming closer to them.
Lin:  They're gaining on us!
Tenzin:  Faster, Oogi!
Oogi speeds up, but an Equalist airship shoots out a large net at them. Lin metalbends her cables to break the net apart and wraps her cable around the rope. She stands and looks at the family with sorrow as they look at the airships in fear. She looks away before turning back at them.
Lin: Whatever happens to me, don't turn back!
Tenzin:  Lin, what are you doing?!
Lin runs and jumps off Oogi, reeling herself up and landing on the airship. She takes her stance and rips off a large section of the airship's metal skin. There is an explosion and it begins to fall into the harbor below. Lin metalbends a panel to catapult herself to the other airship. She begins to rip apart the airship when Equalists come up behind her. They wrap their bolas wrapped around her body and feet, electrocuting her into unconsciousness. The last airship turns back as the family gazes at it in shock.
Meelo: That lady is my hero.
Tenzin:  Yes, she is.
</scene>

<scene>
Oogi flies to safety. Cut to a large drainage pipe near the bay, where Korra and the team watch in dismay as Air Temple Island is raided. Mako places his hand on Korra's shoulder.
Mako: Korra, we should get moving.
</scene>

<scene>
Mako escorts Korra into the tunnel. Asami looks disdainfully at them before she too, walks with them into the tunnel. Cut to an Equalist airship hovering over Air Temple Island, where it is raining. The camera pans down to a group of Equalists. Closer shot of Lin kneeling in front of Amon.
Amon: Tell me where the Avatar is and I'll let you keep your bending.
Lin:  I won't tell you anything, you monster.
Amon: Very well. 
</scene>

<scene>
Lin falls to the ground, unconscious. Cut to Iroh, general of the United Forces, standing at the bow of a ship.
Messenger: General, I just received a wire from the Avatar. She says Amon and his forces have gained control of the city. How do you want to respond?
Iroh: Tell her we will be arriving in three days' time. And that I look forward to winning back Republic City, together.
Messenger:  As you wish, General Iroh. 
</scene>

<scene>
The camera pans back to show the United Forces fleet. Cut to credits.
Main Asami Sato Bolin Korra Lin Beifong Mako Naga Tenzin Antagonists Amon Equalists Hiroshi Sato Lieutenant: Minor Air Acolytes Air Acolyte woman Council page Fire Nation councilwoman Ikki Iroh Jinora Meelo Oogi Pema Rohan Pabu Saikhan White Lotus sentries<scene>
Shiro Shinobi:  Zaheer infiltrated Zaofu and attempted to kidnap the Avatar. After a harrowing battle, she was saved and discovered a shocking truth: Aiwei, Su's trusted adviser, has been working with Zaheer. This truth seer turned traitor managed to escape but Su tasks Team Avatar of tracking him down. Now the hunted becomes the hunter as Korra searches for answers.
</scene>

<scene>
The scene opens to a few rocks dotting the desert landscape and we can see some spirits casually mingling about. In the background, Team Avatar has arrived in a local Earth Kingdom desert village with hopes to track down Aiwei. Naga is seen stopping to sniff the ground. Cut to a close-up of the group as Asami pulls in the jeep behind Korra.
Korra: Aiwei has definitely been through here.  Nice tracking, girl.
Mako: Let's ask around. Maybe someone's seen him.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the inside of a tavern as Mako pushes the curtain aside at the entrance. The group enters and everyone in the tavern glances at the group. Bolin notices something on the wall of the tavern and the camera pans to reveal a wanted poster of him on the wall.
Bolin:  Ohh look, they have a mover poster of me.  Must be big Nuktuk fans,  yeah,  I should go out and say hello ...
Mako:  No. Those are wanted posters,  and there's one for each of us. "Wanted by Her Majesty, the Earth Queen, for crimes against the Kingdom."  I'm guessing this is because we took her airbenders.
Korra:  They weren't hers to keep! I swear, if I see her pinchy  little queen face again, I am going to ...
Asami:  Uhh, guys ...  We should get out of here.
</scene>

<scene>
The group walks out and Korra does a gesture to all the men in the tavern before she departs. The scene shifts to an aerial view of the Beifong Estate in the morning with the remnants of the battle lingering in the shot. View switches to Suyin talking to two guards on the bridge where Lin walks toward and confronts her sister.
Lin: Where's everyone? I've been waiting to leave for half an hour.
Suyin: And good morning to you, Lin. Now don't get mad, Korra's fine. I'm just waiting to hear if she'd tracked down Aiwei yet.
Lin:  What! You let Korra go?! I thought we were on the same page about this, and then you go and stab me in the back?
Suyin: Oh, don't be so overdramatic. You can't control the Avatar's every move.
Lin:  I can try.
</scene>

<scene>
The scene shifts to Naga running with Korra on her back and the rest of the group following a windy road. Camera pans out to an aerial view of Team Avatar making their way down a path on the road. The jeep follows closely and Naga runs up a small slope. View switches to Naga sniffing the ground for any scent near a bunch of rocks.
Korra: Naga found something.  Oh ... Sorry, I forgot to bring treats  but, good girl.
Naga responds by whining once more and turn to walk away. Her tail whips and slaps Korra in the face, causing her to groan. Asami and the brothers walk up to the vehicle in the background. Korra hunches her shoulder's from Naga's cold shoulder attitude.
Asami:  This must be Aiwei's jeep. He can't be far.
Mako:  Bolin and I  will investigate the Misty Palms Oasis, and see if he's hold up there.
Bolin: Yes!  I love it when you talk like a cop.
Korra: I'm coming too.
Mako: No. You and Asami wait here in case he comes back. Besides, we don't want to call too much attention to ourselves.
Korra:  All right.
Bolin:  Ooh, Mako, Mako, Mako! We should wear disguises and pretend we're going undercover! That way,  no one will recognize us. Haha, police work is so exciting!
</scene>

<scene>
Scene changes to a hand unzipping a bag of supplies. Camera pans out to a back view of Bolin as he pulls out a bright yellow raincoat and drapes it over his head and body. Cut to his eyes as bright green goggles are worn. Camera pans out to the brothers dressed in identical outfits. Cut to Korra and Asami looking askance and unconvinced at them, as if questioning the effectiveness of their disguises.
Bolin:  All right, now we need our undercover identities!  I'm an ex-United Forces operative named Ting-Ting. War was the only woman I ever loved, until Ivy came along and showed me what real love is. Tragically, she was taken from me by my archenemy Dr. Razor and -
Mako:  Enough!  Let's just find Aiwei.
Bolin: But I haven't even told your backstory.
Mako:  I'm a cop. I don't have a backstory.
Bolin:  Uh! You're good at this. 
</scene>

<scene>
The scene fades to the expanded Misty Palms Oasis' entrance, with Mako and Bolin stepping forward. View changes to the spirits lurking and perched on the rooftop and telephone lines of the town, looking down at the two yellow-coated guys. Cut to a close-up of the brothers as they make their way down the street. View focuses on the center of the city, where there is an ice spring with three spirits lounging on it. Mako and Bolin pause and stop near the ice. They watch a guy sweeping and pushing three kiwi bird-like spirits outside the door with a broom.
Tavern owner: Shoo! Human customers only.
The spirits scurry off. The brothers walk up to the tavern owner sweeping his stoop.
Mako: Let's see if this guy knows anything.  Excuse me, sir? We're looking for a man about sixty, balding, wearing glasses in a long green robe.
Bolin: And he's got this weird piercing that goes from his nose  to his  ear. Freaks me out.
Tavern owner: Yeah, sure. Sounds like a guy who came in last night. I told him I had the best drinks in the Earth Kingdom and he called me a liar.
Mako:  That's him! Any idea where he is now?
Tavern owner:  Nah, afraid not. But he was right.  My drinks are terrible. 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Korra sitting on a boulder near the city. View changes to a frontal shot of Korra with Asami in the background glancing at her friend as she observing Aiwei's jeep.
Asami: Are you okay?
Korra:  I'm just frustrated. What does Zaheer want with me? What's his plan?
</scene>

<scene>
Asami slides up the driver's seat as she reaches for something in the glove compartment. Cut to a close-up of her as she pulls out a note.
Asami: I don't know. But I think I found a clue. 
Korra:  Xai Bau's Grove, sundown. This must be where and when Aiwei's going to meet Zaheer!
Asami:  All right. Xai Bau's Grove, where are you?  Go away! I'm trying to find something.
Bolin:  Well, aren't you a cute little spir-  Ow! Hey! 
Mako:  No luck here.
Bolin:  I think there might be a couple bounty hunters over there who recognize me!
Mako: We've been made. Let's lose 'em!
The boys flee down a street, the couple close on their heels. They finally duck down an alley, hiding behind some boxes and barely escaping the notice of the female pursuer. The couple moves on as the brothers peek out of hiding.
Mako: Okay, I think we're clear. We should head back to Korra before someone else recognizes us.
Aiwei strolls nonchalantly past the other end of the alley. Bolin spots him and yanks Mako back out of view.
Bolin: We could, or ... we could follow Aiwei instead.  Look!
Aiwei strolls down an alley, eating food from a box. Mako and Bolin appear from behind, and spy on him.
Mako: All right.  Stay cool and follow my lead.
Bolin:  Ting-Ting always finds his man.
Mako and Bolin follow Aiwei down a street and past a pink building. They watch as Aiwei enters a room and closes the door.
Mako: Keep an eye on him. I'll go get Korra.
</scene>

<scene>
Scene shifts back to Korra and Asami observing the map. Mako pulls off his disguise and walks to them.
Mako: We found Aiwei hiding in an inn.
Korra: That's great!
Asami: We found something too.  It looks like he's gonna meet Zaheer at sundown at a place called Xai Bau's Grove. But I can't find it anywhere on the map.
Korra: Let's go bust down Aiwei's door and finally get some answers.
Mako: No. Once Aiwei knows we're onto him, we lose our advantage. I say we stake out his room and when he leaves for this meeting, we follow him.
Korra:  And he'll lead us straight to Zaheer.
</scene>

<scene>
The scene shifts to the Misty Palms Inn, as Team Avatar try to get a room.
Mako:  Good afternoon. We'd like a room on the ground floor, across from 102, please.
Innkeeper: Forget it! Last time a bunch of teenagers came in here, they trashed the whole room. 
Macao:  We found you! 
Innkeeper: Hey, no bending in here! Take it outside!
Macao:  Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. We're not here to fight you.  We're here to meet Nuktuk!
Lily:  We're your biggest fans. Can you make it out to Lily and Macao?
Bolin: Uh, I'd be happy to. Always love meeting my fans. 
Lily:  I made this Nuktuk doll for you.
Bolin:  Uh, it's ... cute. 
Innkeeper: Why didn't you tell me your friend was a mover star? I'd be happy to rent you any room in the inn.
Mako: We'll just take the one across from 102.
Innkeeper: But that room is too small for the four of you!
Mako: Trust me, it'll be perfect.
</scene>

<scene>
Scene shifts to Team Avatar, squished in their new room.
Bolin: I'd just like to say, for the record, this room is definitely not perfect.  Naga! 
Korra: There he is.
Bolin: I thought stakeouts were supposed to be exciting. This isn't. At all!  Ooh, I wonder if there's any snacks in here.  Hey, look! A Pai Sho board! Mako, you want to play?
Mako: Kind of busy here, bro.
Asami: I'll play.
Bolin: Oh, well, ugh, no offense but I learned street Pai Sho from Shady Shin, and I'm pretty good. So, wouldn't really be a fair game.
Asami: So? I learned to play from my dad, the diabolical genius. I'll destroy you.
Bolin: Well, looks we've got ourselves a Pai-Shodown.  Ladies first.  Uh, I don't mean to rush you, but let's speed things up a bit.
Asami: Why? This game is all about slow, methodical strategy.
Bolin: No, it's not. This is a fast-paced, edge of your seat, game of chance! Don't think. Just go.
Asami: I don't know what Shady Shin taught you, but it wasn't the real Pai Sho.
Bolin: Oh really? I think Mr. Rulebook might disagree with you.  The origins of Pai Sho date back over ten thousand years. It is a game of both strategy and chance. Wait, how can it be both?
Asami: Let me see that.  There have been countless variations of Pai Sho through the centuries and each culture has its own rules and variations of the game.
Bolin: That's no help at all. Korra, as the Avatar, you need to standardize these Pai Sho rules.
Korra:  Okay, I'll put that on my to-do list, right after bringing back the Air Nation and taking down the group that tried to kidnap me.
Bolin: That's cool. Whenever you get to it.
Mako: Assuming we do find Zaheer, what then?
Korra: Then I make him talk.
Mako: He was locked away for thirteen years, Korra, and never broke. I don't think a little bending is going to intimidate this guy.
Korra: You have a better idea?
Mako: Yeah, we spy on them. If Aiwei and Zaheer don't know they're being watched, they'll talk freely. Then we'll find out who they are and what they want.
Bolin: That's just like Pai Sho!  In order to defeat your opponent, you first have to know your opponent.
Asami: Then I guess I know you pretty well.  I win.
Bolin: What? Ugh. All right, you know what that was just a fluke. Best two out of three.  Oh, come on! Best four out of seven. Eight out of fifteen. Seventeen out of thirty-three?  Ha, ha! Looks like you're on the ropes this time.
Asami: I can't believe it. You might actually win this one. 
Bolin: No, Pabu?  Why? 
Korra: It's almost sundown. Why hasn't Aiwei left yet?
Asami: Maybe he sneaked out when you weren't looking.
Mako: No, I just saw him peeking out of his window fifteen minutes ago. It's in my logbook.
Korra: I'm going over there. 
Mako: Korra, wait! You're going to blow our element of surprise. 
Korra: It's over, Aiwei! Where's ...?  What?
Bolin: That's a weird way to nap.
Korra: He's not sleeping. He's meditating. Wait! Asami, those spirits were trying to tell us something earlier. Xai Bau's Grove isn't on the map because it's not in the physical world! It's in the Spirit World! I'm going in after him. 
Mako: We'll watch him in case he wakes up. Be careful!
Korra meditates and successfully passes into the Spirit World. She looks from behind a tree and sees Aiwei standing on a nearby hill in front of another tree. Zaheer materializes across from him.
Zaheer: What happened back in Zaofu? You told me we wouldn't have any problems getting the Avatar? Because of you, we've all been compromised.
Aiwei: No, any evidence was destroyed when my library burned.
Zaheer: Where is your physical body now?
Aiwei: At the Misty Palms Inn. But there is no need to worry. I was not followed.
Zaheer: You left a loose end.
Aiwei: I assure you, no one knows anything about us.
Zaheer:  No, you are the loose end. 
Korra: Zaheer!
Zaheer teleports himself and Aiwei toward a cliff at the rim of the Fog of Lost Souls and throws Aiwei off it, before he teleports back to the tree.
Zaheer: It seems Aiwei was mistaken. He was followed.
Korra: That's right. We knew he'd lead us straight to you. Now, what did you do with him?
Zaheer: He'll be spending eternity in the Fog of Lost Souls, which just leaves the two of us. 
Korra: Don't move, Zaheer. You're going to give me some answers.
Zaheer:  There's no need for aggression. Neither of us has our bending, and I'm not going anywhere. I'll answer whatever questions you have. You deserve that much.  What would you like to know?
Korra: First off, who are you people, and why do you keep trying to take me?
Zaheer: We are part of a secret society, dedicated to restoring freedom to the world. We are the Red Lotus.
Korra: Red Lotus? Are you related to the White Lotus?
Zaheer: We are what the White Lotus was meant to be. But after the Hundred Year War, the White Lotus lost its true purpose. Its members came out of hiding and openly served the Avatar. They became nothing but glorified bodyguards who served corrupt nations. So a great man named Xai Bau broke from the White Lotus and began his own society.
Korra: That's a great story, but it doesn't explain why you tried to take me when I was a kid.
Zaheer: That was Unalaq's idea.
Korra: What? My uncle was part of the Red Lotus?
</scene>

<scene>
Scene shifts to the Red Lotus hideout, as Zaheer's physical body begins to speak to his companions.
Zaheer: Avatar Korra. Misty Palms Inn. Find her.
P-Li: You two go. I'll stay here and make sure Zaheer's body is safe.
</scene>

<scene>
Ming-Hua and Ghazan leave. The scene shifts back to Xai Bau's Grove.
Zaheer: I met your uncle when I was a teenager, after we had both joined the Red Lotus. We learned about Raava and Vaatu, and how Avatar Wan foolishly severed them, disrupting the balance of the world forever.
Korra: Avatar Wan wasn't foolish! He was trying to restore balance.
Zaheer: He closed the portals, severing humans from spirits. Even you realize the error in his ways.
Korra: So all along, you and my uncle planned to use me to open the portals and release Vaatu? That's why you tried to take me when I was a kid?
Zaheer: Yes, and with members of the Red Lotus as your elemental masters, we could've taught you so much.
Korra: It sounds like you were just trying to brainwash me so I'd do whatever you wanted.
Zaheer: No, Korra. All I wanted was to show the Avatar a better path for the world.
</scene>

<scene>
Scene shifts back to the rest of Team Avatar in the physical world. Mako glances out of the window and sees Ming-Hua and Ghazan.
Mako: Uh, I don't know how, but Water Arm Lady and Lava Guy found us. 
Asami: How?
Mako: I just said I don't know how!
Bolin:  Korra, come on! Wake up!
Asami: What do we do?
Mako:  Get Korra out of here. Bolin and I will hold them off.
The door opens and Asami rides off on Naga, holding Korra.
Ming-Hua: The Avatar!
</scene>

<scene>
Naga turns a corner, and Ming-Hua fires ice shards at her, but misses. She begins fighting Mako, while Bolin takes on Ghazan. The Red Lotus earthbender knocks down the two brothers with lavabending. The scene shifts back to Xai Bau's Grove.
Korra: If my uncle came up with a plan to abduct me when I was a kid, why wasn't he caught?
Zaheer: He wasn't with us that night, and he covered up his involvement afterwards.
Korra: So he betrayed you, just like he betrayed me.
Zaheer: Yes. He allowed me and my friends to remain in prison while he pursued his own selfish goals. Unalaq becoming a Dark Avatar was never part of our mission.
Korra: And what is your mission, exactly?
Zaheer: I want what you want: to restore balance to this world.
Korra: I don't think our ideas of balance are the same.
Zaheer: Are you sure about that? You kept the spirit portals open. But why stop there? Bringing the spirits back should only be the beginning.
Korra: What do you mean?
Zaheer: The idea of having nations and governments is as foolish as keeping the human and spirit realms separate. You've had to deal with a moronic president and a tyrannical queen. Don't you think the world would be better off if leaders like them were eliminated?
Korra: No. I mean, I don't really agree with what they've done, but taking out world leaders isn't the answer.
Zaheer: It wasn't too long ago that the airbenders were nearly all wiped out, thanks to the Fire Lord's desire for world dominance. True freedom can only be achieved when oppressive governments are torn down.
Korra: But that won't bring balance. It will throw the world into chaos.
Zaheer: Exactly. The natural order is disorder. Do you know who once said, "New growth cannot exist without first the destruction of the old"?
Korra: No.
Zaheer: The wise Guru Laghima. An airbender.
</scene>

<scene>
The scene shifts to the battle at the Misty Palms Inn. Ming-Hua attacks Mako with waterbending, but he avoids it and firebends back at her, which she also blocks. She begins repeatedly attacking him, overwhelming him. Meanwhile, Ghazan harasses Bolin with lavabending.
Bolin: I can't beat this guy! It's like I'm giving him ammo! Want to trade?
Mako runs near a wall and jumps to avoid another one of Ming-Hua's waterbending attacks. He tries to fight back, but Ming-Hua pins him against a door with ice, grinning evilly. She picks him off the door and throws him against another door, stunning him. Meanwhile Bolin jumps into the pool to avoid Ghazan's attacks, and swims toward the bottom, but Ming-Hua traps him in a sphere of water and brings him up to the surface.
Ming-Hua: Go get the Avatar! I have these two under control.
</scene>

<scene>
Ghazan runs off. Ming-Hua picks up a limp Mako; Bolin surfaces, gasping, from the water sphere. Meanwhile, Naga has made progress and is running up a hill outside of the town, but she is quickly trapped in an earth tent. The scene shifts back to Xai Bau's Grove.
Zaheer: You know, being locked away for so many years, I was beginning to lose hope.  But when I awoke with airbending, I knew I would be the one to destroy the old world and plant seeds for a new world to flourish.
Korra:  Zaheer, please, as an airbender, you could help make a positive difference in the world, instead of destroying it.
Zaheer: You're a very smart young woman, Korra. But you must realize that once change begins, it cannot be stopped, even by the Avatar.
Korra: Enough with your philosophical mumbo-jumbo! I want to know one thing. If you do capture me, what are you going to do with me?
Zaheer: You'll have that answer soon enough. The Red Lotus should have you by now. See you in the physical world. 
Korra: Zaheer!  Zaheer, you tricked me! Let me go!  Asami, are you okay? Where's the rest of the Red Lotus?
Asami: What's the Red Lotus? And Zaheer didn't capture us, the Earth Queen's forces did.
Korra: Where are we?
Asami: I'm not sure. Some camp by the desert. They're taking us back to Ba Sing Se.
</scene>

<scene>
The scene shifts to the Red Lotus hideout.
Ghazan: The Earth Queen's army snatched up the Avatar before I could. 
Ming-Hua: But we figured you could find a use for these two.
Zaheer: Load them in the truck. We're taking a trip to Ba Sing Se.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to credits.
Main Asami Bolin Korra Mako Naga Pabu Antagonists Ghazan Ming-Hua P'Li Zaheer: Minor Aiwei Innkeeper Lin Beifong Macao and Lily Suyin Beifong Tavern owner<scene>
Shiro Shinobi:  Someone has attacked the Southern Water Tribe Cultural Center. All the evidence points to Northern sympathizers, but Mako suspects there's more to this case. Meanwhile, Varrick has cast Bolin as the hero of his newest mover. Asami has also ventured into business with Varrick, and a shipment of her mecha tanks is on its way to help the South in its war against Unalaq.
</scene>

<scene>
Scene opens to a lone ship. The captain notices three flashing red lights being thrown onto the deck before exploding. A similar device is thrown to the wall behind the captain, but he manages to jump off onto the deck before the device explodes.
Captain: We're under attack!
</scene>

<scene>
Four waterbenders ambush the ship, swamping it with water. The scene changes to crew members on an escape raft while looking at the destroyed ship.
Captain: Varrick is not gonna be happy about this.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut the Southern Spirit Portal, which has been fortified with a surrounding wall and watchtowers. Cut to Eska and Desna standing outside the portal.
Eska: Where is he?
Desna: Father said he would meet us at this location. He'll be here.  Were you just in the Spirit World?
Unalaq: Never mind that. Where is the Avatar?
Eska: She was within our grasp until a dark spirit attacked her.
Desna: They're out of control.
Unalaq:  You didn't get her?
Eska: The Avatar is dead.
</scene>

<scene>
Unalaq looks at his children with disappointment. Cut to the cinema, where The Adventures of Nuktuk: Hero of the South is being screened. Nuktuk walks ahead and hides behind a mound when he sees an ominous castle.
Nuktuk: We finally made it. Now, we must stop the evil Unalaq! 
Evil Unalaq: The Southern Water Tribe is mine. Next, I will conquer the world with my waterbending doomsday device!
</scene>

<scene>
The crowd jeers while throwing popcorn at the screen. Cut to the audience, who are mostly children.
Nuktuk: Don't worry, Juji and Roh-Tan, I will end the evil Unalaq's reign of terror. For I am Nuktuk, hero of the South! 
Juji: Nuktuk, you're not just the hero of the South, you're our best friend.
Roh-Tan: Nuktuk-ity!
Nuktuk:  You two are the best snow raccoon and arctic panda a guy could ask for.
Crowd: Aww!
Voice narrator:  Who's gonna fight for friends and freedom? Nuktuk.  He's the biggest, baddest, bendingest man I know.  Who protects the icy tundra? Nuktuk.  Battling Northies out there in the snow.  When Unalaq starts trouble, he'll punch him in the mouth.  He's Nuktuk, the hero of the South. 
Varrick:  Bolin, look up there. What do you see?
Bolin:  I- is this a trick question?
Varrick: I'll tell you what I see: a star being born. You're a star. People love stars. Stars tell them what to think and how to act. Bolin, have you ever tried to force a monkey marmot to ride a bicycle?
Bolin: Uh ... not that I can recall.
Varrick: Of course you haven't. You can't force monkey marmots to do anything. They've got to want to do it themselves!
Bolin: Right ...
Varrick: With these movers, we'll have the support of the people, and before long, they'll persuade the President to lend his troops to the war effort.
On screen, a bound Ginger is escorted to Evil Unalaq's throne.
Evil Unalaq:  My evil plan is working. I've captured Nuktuk's beautiful girlfriend.
Nuktuk:  Not so fast, Evil Unalaq! Oh, I will save my true love and the South!  And now, your time is up.
Evil Unalaq gestures for his guards to attack Nuktuk. Nuktuk retreats such that only shadows of the fight can be seen. He breaks off a spear of one of the guards before throwing him up, and throws the other guard up with waterbending. Two more guards approach and throw a net, capturing him.
Evil Unalaq: It's no use fighting, Nuktuk. My anti-energy net makes bending impossible. 
Nuktuk:  No! Please. Power ... weakening.
Ron-Tah: Nuk-terrible.
Voice narrator: Will this be the end of Nuktuk? Can he escape from Unalaq's trap and save the beautiful Ginger? Find out next week on The Adventures of Nuktuk: Hero of the South.
Bolin:  Wow. We got some major chemistry on-screen. Am I right?
Ginger: Yeah. On-screen. 
Bolin: What's wrong? Are you mad because I left you in the clutches of the evil Unalaq? I'm gonna save you in the next episode.  Ginger, let's work through this.
Zhu Li: Varrick, another one of your ships has been captured.
Varrick:  Darn it, Zhu Li, haven't I told you I hate getting bad news without first getting good news?
Zhu Li:  Oh, well, the good news is it looks like your first mover has gotten a great reception.
Varrick: That's old news! Let's go. 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the police headquarters. Mako looks sadly at a picture of him and Korra. Asami enters.
Asami: Is it true?
Mako:  I'm so sorry. Your entire shipment was stolen.
Asami:  Without that sale, I don't know how much longer I can keep my company going. What am I gonna do?
Mako: Don't worry. I'm gonna find whoever's responsible. Chief Beifong is about to question the captain of the ship. 
Lin: I know it's been a long day, but walk me through what happened.
Captain: We were ambushed about thirty klicks outside the harbor. We never heard them coming.
Lin: This is the third attack this week at about the same location.
Lu: Yep, and smack-dab in Republic City's jurisdiction, which means another problem for us.  All this stress is gonna turn old black beauty gray.
Gang: It's gotta be Northern Water Tribe. They're trying to stop supply lines to the South.
Lin: I agree. Is there anything else about the attack you remember? Anything unusual?
Captain: There is one thing. The bombs exploded in a way I've never seen before. They didn't have fuses.  It was like they were being detonated remotely.
Mako: Like the bombs at the cultural center. 
Asami: Wait, where are you going?
Mako: I gotta grab some evidence. 
Varrick: Asami, I heard the news. I can't believe they took my fifth favorite ship in the Varrick Industries fleet! Named her after my mom. Rest in piece, Rocky Bottom.
Asami: Without the money from that shipment, Future Industries is almost broke.
Mako: Chief, I think there's a link between this attack and the attack at the cultural center.
Lin:  What do you think you're doing?
Mako: Solving this case. Did any of the people who attacked you have one of these in their hand? I think it's a remote detonator.
Captain: It was too dark to see anything.
Lin:  Mako!
Mako: Chief, I don't think the people who attacked were Northern Water Tribe.
Gang: Of course they were Northern Water Tribe. They were waterbending.
Mako: Was this one of the guys who attacked?
Captain: No, I don't recognize him.
Gang: Oh, that's embarrassing.
Lu:  Nice try, Rookie.
Lin: Mako, leave.  Now.
Varrick:  Great work, everybody. Another open and shut case for the dynamic mustachioed duo!
Asami: Wait, I think Mako might be onto something.
Mako: Chief, I know it's a long shot, but I have an idea how we can catch these guys.
Lu:  Yeah, let's all listen to the rookie.
Asami: He's doing a better job than you!
Varrick: Whooooo's hungry?
Lin:  Enough! I don't want to hear your lame-brained rookie ideas. You're a beat cop, not a detective. Now hit the street and do your job! 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the outside of the headquarters.
Mako: Lu and Gang are idiots. I hate them and their stupid mustaches.
Asami: Forget them. What's this idea of yours?
Mako: A sting operation. I was thinking we'd set up a bait ship, take it out into the open ocean, and capture whoever attacks it.
Asami: Let's do it.
Mako: It's not that easy. For the plan to work, we need the police, and Beifong already said no.
Asami: We can make it work, just the two of us.
Mako: I don't know. I don't want to go behind Beifong's back. If she finds out, I could get kicked off the force.
Asami: Mako, I need your help. My Mom is gone. My Dad is in jail. Future Industries is all I have left of my family.
Mako: I want to help you, but this is more than a two-person job. First of all, we'd need a ship.
Both Mako and Asami turn to find Varrick beside them and they recoil in shock.
Varrick: You need a ship? I got a ship. I want in on whatever you're talking about. I love being in on plans.
Asami: The less you know, the better.
Varrick: Perfect! I love not knowing things.
Mako: All right, I'm in. Let's get these guys.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the harbor outside Future Industries. An empty cargo is closed, while two mecha tanks lift the cargo on board. Asami and Mako look on from the warehouse, which is filled with mecha tanks and biplanes.
Asami: The ship's all loaded with the dummy crates. Let's get this sting operation going.
Mako: Not yet. We need some extra manpower.
Asami: What about Korra?  No better muscle than the Avatar.
Mako:  Right, uh ... Korra. Yeah, actually, she's um ... she's out of town right now.
Asami: Everything okay with you two?
Mako: Yeah, yeah. Forget about Korra. I'll go talk to Bolin. 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Mako's apartment. Mako enters, surprised at the new decorations.
Bolin:  Hey, Mako, what do you think? I did a little redecorating. It turns out that one of the perks of being a star, you get lots of cash.
Mako:  Is this a marble statue of you?
Bolin: It's also  a hat rack.
Mako:  We don't even have hats.
Bolin: That's because we never had a hat rack. And now we do. Mako, you seem stressed. I think you need to take a little dipity dip. 
Mako: I don't have time to take a dipity dip, okay? I'm trying to catch whoever's been attacking the shipments, and I need your help.
Bolin: You need my help?  I don't know. I'm kinda busy.
Mako: You're sitting in a hot tub.
Bolin: I'm maintaining my instrument. As an actor, my body is my instrument.
Mako:  Are you gonna help or not?
Bolin: You know, I recall a time when I needed your help, and you basically told me to get a life.
Mako: So that's a no. What am I supposed to do now?
Bolin:  I don't know, Mako.  Figure it out. Remember? That's what you said to me. Hurts, doesn't it?  Ow! My instrument!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to outside the Triple Threat Triad headquarters.
Asami: Are you sure this is a good idea?
Mako: No, but it's our last resort. 
Triple Threat doorman:  Hey, Mako. Whatever you think we did, we didn't do it.
Mako: I'm not here on police business. I'm running an off-the-books operation, and I thought the Triple Threats might want a piece of the action.
Triple Threat doorman: How big a piece?
Mako and Asami are now inside the headquarters, seated opposite Viper.
Viper: So Mr. Law and Order needs our help, huh? What's in it for the Triple Threats?
Mako: I am personal friends with that Avatar. I might be able to convince her to give Shady Shin his bending back.
Shady Shin: Sounds good to me, boss. 
Viper: What about the rest of us?
Asami: I've got vehicles, all brand-new and top of the line. They can be yours if you help.
Viper:  I think we got ourselves a deal.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the bait ship in the open sea.
Mako: This is right around the area where the attacks happened. So keep your eyes peeled, and stay quiet.
Two Toed Ping: I agree. Keep quiet. Mouth zipped, don't say a word. That's the best thing to do when you're trying to ambush somebody, which is what we're doing here, and it's basically what I'm always doing. I mean, I am a gangster, after all, and -
Mako: Two Toed Ping, please.
Two Toed Ping: Oh, right. So, what's it like dating the Avatar.  Come on, Mako, I gotta know.
Mako: Ping, stay focused!
Two Toed Ping: What? What are you so weird about it? If I was dating the Avatar, I'd tell you all about it.
Mako:  There's nothing to know.  I broke up with her.
Asami:  You broke up? When? Why didn't you tell me?
Mako: I don't know.
Two Toed Ping:  Yeah, right. You broke up with the Avatar. Like that happened. Hey, Shady Shin, Viper. Mako says he broke up with the Avatar.
Shady Shin: Sure he did.
Viper: Yeah, I did too. 
Mako: All right, would you guys knock it off and do your job?
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the film set of The Adventures of Nuktuk: Hero of the South. Nuktuk is about to save a bound Ginger while a drill is above them.
Assistant director: And action!
Ginger:  Forget about me. You must capture the evil Unalaq before he gets away.
Nuktuk: No! I'll never leave you.
Bolin kisses Ginger, much to her surprise and annoyance.
Varrick: Cut!  There's no kiss in the script.
Bolin:  Sorry, I just kinda lost myself in the moment.  It just felts so right.
Ginger:  Urch.
Varrick: It did, huh? Your girlfriend's about to die, and instead of untying her, you kiss her. Wait a minute! Maybe that will work. Yes! It's genius! Everybody take five. Except for you, Zhu Li. Grab the tweezers. I've got some neck-hair issues to resolve.
Bolin: So ... that kiss. I liked it. And it seemed like you liked it too.
Ginger: Uch. You're confusing Ginger the actress with Ginger the character.
Bolin: Okay, okay, I'm sorry. I'm totally getting, like, a weird vibe from you right now. It's like, a minute ago, when we were shooting, you were into me, but now you're not.
Ginger: That's because Ginger loves Nuktuk, not Bolin. 
Bolin: But Nuktuk is Bolin. I'm a hero. 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut back to the bait ship. Where Ping is talking to Mako and Asami.
Two Toed Ping:  And that's why they call me  Two Toed Ping.
Asami: Because you have two extra toes.
Two Toed Ping: That's right. And there was already a Twelve Toed Ping on the south side.
Mako: Wait, guys. Do you hear that?
Asami: I didn't hear anything.
Two Toed Ping: No.
Mako:  Ah! What's taking so long?
Two Toed Ping: You just gotta relax, like me. Maybe try taking your shoes off.
Mako: I'm gonna check it out.
Shady Shin:  So how long do we have to stay out here?
Viper:  I told you, it's gonna be a few hours. What, do you have a hot date?
</scene>

<scene>
Mako hides under the stairs and looks up. Cut to his point of view.
Shady Shin: Actually, I do. And I wanna look my best. I gotta shower and shave. I have a whole routine, okay?
Viper: Well, your date's gonna have to wait.
Shady Shin: She's not gonna be happy about that.
Viper: Too bad. We were paid to keep Mako and that dame  distracted for a few hours, so that's what we're gonna do. 
Shady Shin:  See? This is why I never get dates.
</scene>

<scene>
Mako exits the scene. Cut back to Asami watching Two Toed Ping stroking his toe, when Mako gestures her. Asami walks up to Mako.
Mako: I just overheard Shady Shin and Viper. We've been double-crossed. We have to get off this ship.
They run off, only to be cornered by Viper.
Viper: Where do you think you're going?
Mako knocks the gangsters off with firebending before running off. Both board a speedboat.
Viper: Get'm!
Mako burns off the ropes, causing him and Asami to plunge to the sea. The gangsters pursue them with two speedboats. Mako attacks the speedboats with firebending, but misses. Asami makes a sharp turn, causing Mako to nearly lose his balance. Viper jumps off his speedboat and waterbends ice spikes, but Asami manages to dodge them. He waterbends a geyser, throwing Mako and Asami's speedboat into the air. Both manage to remain in the speedboat as it plunges back to the sea. The chase brought them back to mainland Republic City.
Mako: They're getting closer.
Asami: Not for long. 
Mako: Watch out! We're not gonna make it.  One down, one to go.
Viper's speedboat cuts through in front of them. Asami swerves off and the engine stalls.
Asami: We're stalled.
Vipers speed boat approaches. Mako attempts to firebend at them, but the speedboat crashes, throwing him back while the speedboat is being pushed back. Viper leaps to Mako's speedboat and throws a water pulse at him, but Mako manages to dodge. He prepares another attack, but is stopped by Mako. Mako does a fire kick, which Viper manages to neutralize. Mako throws another two fire blasts, which Viper manages to dodge one and neutralize another. Mako misses his attack and is pushed back to the passenger seat by Viper's waterbending attack. Asami manages to restart the engine.
Asami: Mako, hang onto something.  What was that all about?
Mako: Someone paid the Triple Threats to keep us distracted.
Asami: Distracted? From what? Oh no.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the warehouse of Future Industries. Asami powers up the warehouse, illuminating an empty warehouse.
Mako: Whoever paid the Triple Threats stole everything.
Asami:  I'm ruined. My company ... it's over.
Mako: We should check out your other warehouses. Maybe they didn't have time to hit them all.
Asami: You don't understand. Everything I had was in here.
Mako: We have to search the place for evidence. If we can find a lead ...
Asami: Mako ... it doesn't matter anymore.
Mako: I can figure this out.
Asami:  Just stop. It's over. I give up.
Mako: Well, I'm not giving up on you.
Asami:  Sorry, I-
Mako: Uh ... It's-it's okay. Um ... Anyway ... I gotta run. I'm gonna find out who did this. And I know just who to ask.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to daytime in the streets where Mako slams Two Toed Ping against a wall.
Two Toed Ping: Hey, Mako. Uh, you're not mad about last night, are you?
Mako:  Who hired you to double-cross us?
Two Toed Ping: I don't know.
Mako: I think you do know.  And you're gonna tell me, or we're gonna have to change your name to "No Toed Ping".
Two Toed Ping: Really, I don't know. You have to believe me. We never met the guy who hired us.
Mako:  You expect me to believe that?
Two Toed Ping:  After you left the hideout, some mook showed up and said his boss would pay us to keep you distracted. We'd never seen him before, and we ain't seen him since. Come on, Mako, you know how these deals work. Please, I would never lie to you with my lucky toes on the line.
Mako:  Get out of here.
</scene>

<scene>
Ping runs off in fear. Cut to Bolin in his Nuktuk attire eating some popcorn on set. He is approached by Mako.
Mako: Bolin, have you seen Varrick around? Bolin!  Nuktuk.
Bolin: Yes? Oh, hello, Mako. Didn't notice you there.
Mako: Where's Varrick? I need to ask him something.
Bolin: Hmm. Can't say that I've seen him. But I've been kinda busy, you know, rehearsing for my big scene. There's gonna be some crazy  "pyrotechnics". That's mover speak for explosions.
Assistant director: We need Nuktuk on set. Running explosion scene.
Bolin: Or sometimes we just call them explosions. Anyway, wish I could stand around here and chitchat, but you know, I gotta go shoot my big scene.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Bolin at the scene.
Assistant director: Okay, the set is clear. Camera's rolling. And ... action!
Nuktuk: Ginger, stay down! I'm coming for you.
</scene>

<scene>
Mako watches his brother film his set. Nuktuk runs off, with explosions trailing behind him. Mako looks at the explosions, with each explosion lighting his eyes. Cut to the pyrotechnics technician who is loading explosives when Mako approaches.
Mako: How did you rig those explosions to go off like that?
Pyrotechnics technician: Neat, huh? It's a Varrick Industries exclusive. Here, check it out.  The explosions use a remote detonator.
Mako: Varrick.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Future Industries.
Mako:  Asami, I think I know who set us up.
Varrick:  Hello, Mako.
Mako: What are you doing here?
Asami:  He just saved my company.  Varrick bought a controlling interest in Future Industries. Isn't that great?
Varrick: Yep, I like to think I'm always there to stand up for the little guy. Especially if that little guy can help this guy become a bigger guy.
Asami:  So what were you saying, Mako? You think you know who hired the Triple Threats?
Mako: Yeah, and I'm real close to proving it.  I'll fill you in later. 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to some tropical island in the Fire Nation where Korra is lying washed up on the beach. She awakes to find three Bhanti tribesmen looming over her.
Korra:  Get away from me!
She airbends at the sages, though does not have the strength to keep herself upright and sags down to her knees while panting in exhaustion.
Karu: It's okay, we're here to help you, Avatar Korra.
Korra:  Who's-who's "Avatar Korra"?
The tribesmen look at each other in apprehension.
Karu: What happened to you? How did you end up on our island?
Korra: I ... don't know. I can't remember anything.
Korra sighs and passes out.
Fades to credits.
Main Asami Sato Bolin Mako Varrick Antagonists Triple Threat Triad Shady Shin Two Toed Ping Viper: Minor Desna and Eska Ginger Karu Korra Lin Beifong Lu and Gang Naga Pabu Unalaq Zhu Li<scene>
Shiro Shinobi:  The Avatar has gone missing! Three years ago, Zaheer poisoned Korra, severely injuring her. While her friends moved on with their lives, Korra remained in the South Pole. Everyone thought she was still recuperating, but six months ago, Korra left home and hasn't been seen since. Even Chief Tonraq was shocked to learn that his daughter's whereabouts are unknown. What has become of the Avatar and when will she return?
</scene>

<scene>
As the title card fades into the scene, the view is centered on a mirror, shattered and broken. Through the fractures, a pair of blue eyes, set in a face which is scratched and bruised, are visible. The shot pulls back to reveal Korra looking at her reflection. After a moment, she drops her gaze, as if unable to look at herself. The shot changes to a side shot of Korra; she is standing in a public bathroom of sorts with a slow stream of water running from the sink faucet in front of her. Metalbending the faucet further open, the stream increases, and she pulls a glowing stream of water out of the sink in front of her, holding it to her bruised elbow to heal her wounds. Suddenly, there is a flurry of knocks at the door, making Korra jump and look over her shoulder, on guard.
Man #1: Hurry up in there!  Come on, I got an emergency situation!
Korra:  Knock yourself out. 
Korra walks a little ways before stopping, noticing to revving sound of an engine. Looking up, she sees a car bearing down on her just in time and jumps across the street, somersaulting and running to the other side as the car spins to a stop behind her. Suddenly fatigued, she staggers, holding her hand to her head, and stumbles to the wall of an alley, bracing herself against it. She slowly takes her hand from her head and stares down into the dark alleyway in wonder.
Korra: Huh?
A twisting shot drawing closer shows another Korra standing in the alleyway, dressed in the blue of the Water Tribe, a broken chain wrapped around her wrist, and her eyes glowing with the energy of the Avatar State. Her shoulders hunched, her head slightly raised, and her arms limply hanging at her side give her a somewhat inhuman appearance. Still bracing herself against the wall, Korra looks the apparition in front of her, initially with a look of shock but then with determination.
Korra: You again.
</scene>

<scene>
The hallucination looks up and stares at Korra for a few more seconds. Without warning, she whips the chain around her wrist in Korra's direction. Korra firebends in defense, but the chain sneaks past her and wraps itself around her leg, pulling it out from under her. Korra is thrown on her back but manages to raise her left to protect her face against the incoming chain, which wraps itself around her arm instead. Cut to Korra's point of view as the apparition slowly advances on her.
Korra:  Leave me alone!
As the fireblast dissipates, the shot changes to an aerial view of the alley which reveals that the apparition has disappeared. Meanwhile, four townsfolk have gathered at the entrance to the alleyway, watching Korra seemingly battle nothing.
Man #2: What's wrong with her?
Woman:  Young lady, are you all right?  Can I take you to a doctor?
Korra:  No, I-I don't need any help.
</scene>

<scene>
The group watches her leave with skeptical eyes before the scene cuts to a close-up of a dejected Korra's face while she is walking down the street with the full moon lighting up the sky behind her. The shot zooms into her forehead with a brief white flash, as the scene enters a flashback. The camera zooms in on a large cargo ship that is docked at Air Temple Island, the sky gray and covered with clouds. The scene changes to the gangway beside the ship where a group of people are gathered; Asami, Mako and Bolin, with Pabu on his shoulders, walk up to Tenzin, Jinora, and Korra, the latter sitting in her wheelchair as she listens. Meanwhile, the camera pans slowly from left to right.
Bolin:  Now don't take this the wrong way, but, I can't wait for you to leave!
Mako:  How else is she supposed to take that but the wrong way?
Bolin:  I mean, because I've never had a pen pal before!  I'm gonna write so many letters and, just to get the ball rolling, here.  Spoiler alert: Pabu and I already miss you.
</scene>

<scene>
Korra takes the letter, as Pabu chirps happily. Cut to a frontal view of Korra, Asami and Tenzin with Republic City looming in the background.
Korra:  Thanks. That's sweet.
Asami:  Are you sure you don't want some company in the Southern Water Tribe? I'm happy to come with you.
Korra:  No ... I appreciate it, but I'll only be gone a couple of weeks.  A little time alone will be good for me.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a frontal view of Tenzin and Jinora.
Tenzin:  Now, I don't want you to worry about a thing while you're gone. Your recovery should be your number one concern.  Jinora, the airbenders, and I have everything under control.
Shot fades from Korra's downcast face to the ship departing, the group on the dock waving goodbye to those on the deck of the ship.
Asami: Bye, Korra!
Mako: Get better soon!
Bolin: Don't forget to write!
</scene>

<scene>
Korra sits in her chair with Kya, Tonraq and Senna being next to her who are smiling thinly. Her parents stand on her right side and Kya on her left side. She initially waves back, smiling, but the smile and her hand both drop quickly, and she looks away. Cut to the Southern Water Tribe some time later, the green aurora blazing in the night sky, as the camera zooms in on the palace. Another cut to Korra, tossing and turning in her bed in a fitful sleep. As she moans and groans, the scene cuts to her face and zooms in on it, followed by a pair flashbacks: Zaheer floating over her limp body while is asphyxiating her and the air being pulled from her lungs. A quick cut back to Korra, whose eyes widen in terror as she wakes up. Cut to a side-shot of her bolting upright in bed and breathing heavily, as Naga, on the floor next to her bed, pokes her head up with the camera panning from left to right. The scene changes. Cut to Korra in her wheelchair sitting on a porch, silently watching the southern lights dancing across the sky. Senna walks up behind her and puts a hand on her shoulder.
Senna:  Can't sleep again?  Honey, your father and I have tried to give you as much space as you've needed, but we're worried.  You're not sleeping, you're barely eating. We don't want to push you, but it's been three weeks.  Will you please go see Katara?
Korra:  All right ... I'll go.
The shot changes back to the frontal view of them.
Senna: You're going to get through this.  I love you so much. 
</scene>

<scene>
Close-up of Korra's face; Unseen by Senna, Korra closes her eyes, and a tear rolls down her face. The scene switches to Korra in Katara's hut, undergoing a healing session, the glowing water moving rhythmically back and forth. Smooth panning from right to left.
Katara: The poison did a lot of internal damage.
Close-up of Korra
Korra:  Can you fix it?
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Katara overlooking her body during the healing
Katara: I can help guide your healing process,  but whether you get better or not,  is up to you.
</scene>

<scene>
Brief cut to a close-up of Korra sitting up in the water, not looking at Katara. The shot changes, showing them both sideways. Panning from left to right.
Katara: I know what it's like to go through a traumatic experience.  And I promise you, if you dedicate yourself to getting better, you'll recover,  stronger than ever.
Korra:  That's what I want.  More than anything!
Katara: Then try something for me. Concentrate  on your big toe.  Visualize it moving.  Breathe.
</scene>

<scene>
Closing her eyes, Korra takes a deep breath, slowly exhaling and focusing. Cut back to her feet. After a few seconds, the big toe of her right foot twitches slightly and moves more noticeably. Korra's depression instantly changes to exhilaration.
Korra:  Did you see that?  It worked!
</scene>

<scene>
The scene fades once again, this time to a farther shot of Korra using a set of parallel bars with Katara standing next to her, the wheelchair sitting on the far side of the room next to a sleeping Naga. Smooth panning from right to left.
Katara: The mind can be a powerful ally,  or your greatest enemy.  Now, I want you to try  taking a step.
</scene>

<scene>
Korra looks down at her unresponsive feet, panting, as the camera slowly pans from right to left. As she tries to move her left leg, the shot switches to her expression suddenly changing to terror as another vision overtakes her: the camera quickly zooms in on her forehead, followed by a white flash, revealing a chained up Korra screaming in pain as the metallic poison is being administrated into her body in the Red Lotus's hideout. Quick zoom-out, another flash, back to the present. Korra's eyes widen in terror and she loses her grip on the bars, causing her to fall over onto her face as she covers her head in shame.
Katara: You're okay.  Your body thinks it is still in danger, but you're safe here.  Use your mind to overcome the pain. Try again.
Korra:  I'm done for today.
</scene>

<scene>
The scene jumps ahead in time a short way, showing Korra in her room while propped up in bed, reading letters from her friends, with Naga curled up on the floor next to the wheelchair. While she's reading the letters, their voices are to be heard off-screen.
Asami:  Dear Korra. I miss you. It's not the same in Republic City without you. How are you feeling?  Things are going well here. I just got a big contract to help redesign the city's infrastructure, so I'll be keeping pretty busy for a while.
The shot fades to a side view of Korra's bed from a different angle.
Mako:  Hey, Korra! Sooo, I'm not very good at writing letters. It's 2:15 in the afternoon. Weather is fair. Chance of snow showers later today. But enough joking around.  I hope you're dong well. Me? I'm back on the beat. Beifong has me staking out the Red Monsoon hideout. You won't believe what's going down.
</scene>

<scene>
The view fades again. This time to a closer side view of the bed while the camera pans diagonally from the nightstand with a pile of letters to the ceiling.
Bolin:  My dearest Avatar Korra. Though several fortnights have passed since your departure to convalesce in the homeland of your tribesmen, I feel our friendship knows neither time ... nor distance.
Here, Korra sets down, on top of a crudely drawn picture of himself and Korra together, a second rough drawing of Pabu, Zhu Li, Varrick, and Kuvira . A third drawing rests in the background, depicting clouds, wind, stars, and a flower. Bolin's letter continues.
Bolin:  You will be most pleased to learn that I found gainful employment with Sir Varrick and the Lady Kuvira. I set off on the morrow with some trepidation,  but I am eager to offer any aid I can in stabilizing the Earth Kingdom!
</scene>

<scene>
Saddened, she lets the letter fall softly to the floor, where it comes to rest with several more just like it. A far shot of the palace shows the light of her room switching off, leaving the entire palace in darkness. The scene changes; it is later on, back in Katara's healing hut. Korra dejectedly stares down the parallel bars while Katara sips tea to her right, Naga plopped down at the end of the bars.
Katara:  Whenever you're ready.
Korra:  What's the point? We've been at this for almost six months and I can still barely take a couple of steps without collapsing!
Katara: I know you're frustrated, but—
Korra: Of course I'm frustrated! A crazy man poisoned me and now I can't dress myself, or cook for myself, o-or do anything for myself! And this whole time, my friends have been off helping the world while I'm stuck with you and you can't even heal me!
Katara says nothing; she only looks at Korra with a startled expression. Korra's flash of anger breaks, and she realizes what she has said, quickly turning away from Katara's as she buries her face in her hand.
Korra:  That came out wrong.
Katara: It's ... all right.  Let your anger and frustration flow like water.
Korra:  I am trying to understand why this happened to me,  but nothing makes any sense!  I'm tired, Katara. I'm so tired.
Katara:  Korra, I know you feel alone right now. But you're not the first Avatar who's had to overcome great suffering.  Can you imagine how much pain Aang felt when he learned that his entire culture was taken from him?
Korra:  That ... must have been so awful.
Katara:  But he never let it destroy his spirit.  He chose to find meaning in his suffering and eventually ... found peace.
Korra: And ... what am I going to find if I ... get through this?
Katara: I don't know.  But won't it be interesting to find out?
The next shot shows Korra's hands grasping the bars for support, Katara standing next to her and Naga sitting up at the bars' end.
Katara: Close your eyes. Visualize yourself walking over to Naga.  Can you see it?
Korra:  Yes.
Katara: Now ...  take that first step.
</scene>

<scene>
Korra braces herself against the pain and slowly inches her right foot forward, placing it on the ground in front of her. She takes another step, followed by another, and yet another. As she takes her sixth step, she inadvertently takes her hand off one of the bars, and she stumbles. Fighting to stay on her feet, she forces herself back upright. Katara watches her with a smile. Taking the final few steps, Korra stumbles over to Naga, and embraces her with a smile on her face, letting out a relieved sigh. A flash appears again, moving back to the present. To be seen is Korra's scowling face while she is still walking alone down a deserted street from earlier. The shot cuts to a lefthand view of her. A shadow passes behind her, making her stop in her tracks and turn around, seeing nothing. Her gaze lingers a little longer, the shot changing to her point of view and showing fogged street until moving toward her face. When she turns her head back forward, she is initially startled but soon relieved to find a small, white puppy in front of her which is looking up at her and barking a few times and playfully wagging its tail. She walks up to the dog, crouching before it and petting it.
Korra:  Where'd you come from, little cutie?
Looking up for a moment, her expression changes to unease; the view twists again to the back of Korra's head, zooming out of it and revealing the earlier apparition that's standing at the top of the short set of stairs on the road ahead, the colors growing darker. Surprisingly, the puppy whirls around and begins growling menacingly at the apparition. Korra's eyes not leaving the apparition.
Korra:  You can see her, too?
</scene>

<scene>
The view changes to a close-up of the apparition who continues to stare at the figures in front of it, wordless and motionless. The screen briefly turns black. Soon after, it fades to an aerial view of the same scene, showing the three. The puppy continues to growl threateningly.
Korra:  If you can see her too,  maybe I'm not going crazy.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the puppy who starts barking, upon which the hallucination absorbs seamlessly into the mist beyond. The puppy relaxes, excitedly making its way toward the now-unoccupied steps, Korra's eyes following it.
Korra:  How'd you do that?
The puppy mounts the steps and turns back toward Korra, barking a few times.
Korra:  You want me to follow you?
The puppy barks a few more times and disappears into the mist. Korra pauses for a moment, deciding.
Korra: All right. Let's see what I find.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a far shot of the village showing Korra and the puppy running through the streets, the camera slowly panning upwards before another flashback begins, opening in midair over the compound at the South Pole as Oogi flies by, descending toward it. Oogi lands in the yard, and Tenzin dismounts to find an excited, healthier-looking Korra running toward him. She gives him a hug.
Korra: It's so good to see you!
Tenzin:  How have you been, Korra? You look great!
Korra: I feel great!  Come on, I want to show you how much better I'm doing.
</scene>

<scene>
Korra excitedly takes Tenzin by his wrists and drags him away with Katara smiling at them in the background. Cut to a shot of the firebending trial mat, where Korra, dressed in battle gear, stands opposite three other firebenders; Tenzin and Katara stand on a viewing platform behind the dueling mat, observing. As the firebenders take their positions, Korra attacks, sending multiple blasts of fire toward her opponents with both her hands and feet, which they easily block.
Korra:  Attack! I can take it!
The firebenders pause momentarily, the bender in the center glancing over his shoulder at the man on his right, who shrugs. They promptly attack, their quick, furious blows smooth and easy as she approaches her opponents. Cutting through a blast of attacking fire with her hands in the same manner as she did in her firebending trial, she emerges on the other side and is immediately beset by another vision: Zaheer zooming down from the gray sky directly toward her. Debilitated, she falters as the firebenders, unaware, continue their attack; she blindly throws weak strands of fire toward nothing in particular before being finally blown off her feet, coming to rest face-down on the mat, exhausted. Tenzin, seeing her collapse, rushes out to stop the fight.
Tenzin:  All right! The sparring match is over!
As the firebenders relax themselves and walk away, Tenzin turns back to focus on Korra, who is getting to her knees and taking off her helmet, clearly upset. Tenzin helps her to her feet.
Korra:  I thought I was ready.
Tenzin:  There is no shame in taking the time you need to make a full recovery.  Being the Avatar can wait.
Korra:  But what about the Earth Kingdom? I hear it's still a mess out there.
Tenzin: The situation has been stabilizing since Kuvira took charge.
Korra: But that should be me out there fixing things, not her.
Tenzin: I know you want to help. But trust me, everyone has this under control. I just think you need to ...
He trails off as Korra looks at him spitefully.
Korra:  If you say, "be patient", I swear I'm gonna water-smack you in the mouth!
Tenzin:  Nooo ... I was going to say, you need to ... not worry about the future. Be grateful for where you are now and the progress you've made.
</scene>

<scene>
Unsatisfied, she throws her helmet and, turning her back on a sad looking Tenzin, walks away. The scene changes to Korra on a high cliff, practicing bending all the elements as her voice dictates the words of a letter.
Korra:  Dear Asami, I'm sorry I haven't written to you sooner, but every time I've tried, I never know what to say.  The past two years have been the hardest of my life. Even though I can get around fine now, I still can't go into the Avatar State. I keep having visions of Zaheer and what happened that day.  Katara thinks a lot of this is in my head, so I've been meditating a lot, but sometimes I worry I'll never fully recover.  Please don't tell Mako and Bolin I wrote to you and not them. I don't want to hurt their feelings, but it's easier to tell you about this stuff.  I don't think they'd understand.
</scene>

<scene>
Finishing, Korra sets the pen down and stares off into space, thinking. The scene changes to the dining room; Tonraq, Senna and Korra sit together, but while Tonraq and Senna are eating, Korra plays with her food instead, lost in thought. Both Tonraq and Senna pick up on their daughter's mood, the latter speaking up.
Senna: Everything all right, sweetie?
Korra:  There's something I need to tell you both.
Tonraq: What is it?
Korra: I want to go back to Republic City.
Senna: Are you sure?
Korra: I know I'm not a hundred percent yet, but I feel like I've hit a wall. I need to be where the action is,  where my friends are.
Tonraq:  I'll have the White Lotus prepare a boat and they can take you back to Republic City as soon as you're ready.
Cut mid-speech to a view of blue sails opening in a breeze, and Korra standing on the deck of the small craft, waving goodbye.
Korra:  No, I want to go alone and have some time to clear my head. It'll be good for me.
</scene>

<scene>
View cuts to her parents waving back from the dock, Naga standing next to them. She howls as Korra departs. The scene transitions to the open sea, where Korra's boat sails swiftly in the wind as Korra looks off into the distance. Out of nowhere, a school of flying dolphin-fish surface, gliding over the face of the water as Korra looks on, smiling. Another scene transition, this time to a tiny port village in a tropical archipelago, where Korra's boat is docked. Korra herself walks along the dock, away from her boat toward a man in a dockside shack, who is lazily fanning himself in the heat. Korra approaches him, and he looks up.
Korra: Two lobster crabs, please.
Fishmonger:  Why, you're the Avatar, ain'tcha?
Korra:  Yup, that's me.
The fishmonger jumps out of his chair suddenly, surprising Korra.
Fishmonger:  I can't believe it! Mind if I took a picture for my "Wall of Avatars"?
</scene>

<scene>
The camera zooms in on the sole picture in his collection, an image of an adult Aang doing his marble trick with two pieces of seafood, his face bearing a look of unadulterated enthusiasm reminiscent of his childhood.
Korra:  Well, uhm, I'm kind of in a hurry.
Fishmonger:  I-it'll only take a second!  Avatar Aang was a big fan of my seaweed wraps, you know, so,  I named 'em "Aang Rolls"!  Now they're my biggest seller! And they ain't even got fish in 'em!  Now, smile!
</scene>

<scene>
The view shifts to the interior of the camera, where an inverted image of an awkwardly smiling Korra is seen. The flash goes off, and the view returns to normal, Korra momentarily blinded by the light.
Fishmonger: But if I coulda met any Avatar,  I'd have to pick Kyoshi. Taking down a shark squid with one hand! Now that's a lady I'd like to get to know!
A sudden cry from behind Korra cuts the fishmonger short. They both look to see what's happened.
Vendor:  Thieves! Get back here!
Fishmonger:  Oh, don't worry, the Avatar's right here!  Well, what are you waiting for?  Go get 'em!
Looking determined, Korra throws herself into the air over the small inlet, waterbending herself across and coming ashore just in front of the bandits, who stop in their tracks.
Korra: Hand over the bags or else.
The first thief earthbends a fissure into the ground, extending it toward Korra and sending up a great cloud of dust, while the second thief bends a few simple boulders from the ground and hurls them at her. Korra avoids the fissures but rolls face-first right into the flying rocks; she falls to the ground, holding her head which is pounding from the impact, as the thieves run past her to freedom. Opening her eyes, she sees the vendor from across the way standing over her, assessing her, while the fishmonger rushes up to her, meat cleaver in hand, panting.
Vendor:  You sure she's the Avatar?
</scene>

<scene>
They both look down questioningly at Korra, who closes her eyes. The scene fades to a view of Republic City from the bay, the skyline blurred by the nighttime fog. As the shot pans to the left, Korra's craft comes into view, and the shot changes to one of Korra standing on the small deck. As she rounds Air Temple Island, the fog suddenly burns off, revealing a lone figure standing on a pinnacle of rock jutting from the water near the cliffside, eyes glowing. Korra gasps, as the shot cuts to a close-up of the face of Dark Korra with the moon behind, thin eyebrows furrowed and mouth bent into an angry frown, her hair fluttering in the light breeze. Korra, seeing this for the first time, sweat beading on her face, closes her eyes and steers the boat into the opposite direction, not watching as Republic City disappears into the mist. Another change of scene as Korra's boat is seen somewhere in the Earth Kingdom, Korra herself standing on a small dock next to it. Her dress has changed from her Water Tribe outfit to that of an Earth Kingdom commoner, save for her armband, which she removes and tosses into the water. She moves her hands to her head, taking her hair in her hands and bundling it at the back of her head. Holding the bundle with her left hand, she takes up a knife laying on her right and puts it up against her hair. For a moment, she hesitates, reluctant to leave herself behind. In one stroke, she pulls the blade through her hair with a hint of regret on her face, sending tiny strands of hair fluttering through the air around her, her new haircut coming to rest just above her shoulders. The scene changes yet again, jumping to a snowstorm at one of the poles, its Spirit Portal emitting its brilliant beam of light into the sky in the distance. Korra crosses into the frame, bundled up against the bitter cold and wind; she stops for a moment, observing the portal in the distance, before continuing onward toward it. The view switches to just inside the Spirit World as Korra steps through the portal and exits on the other side; the Tree of Time, surrounded by friendly spirits, dominates the landscape around it from its perch. Cut to Korra, who has sat down within the Tree's central void, meditating in silence, her heavy overcoat folded next to her. A tiny tan-yellow spirit, with leaves growing like ears from the top of its head, peers over the lip of the entrance. Realizing who is within, it smiles and calls to its many companions floating outside.
Light spirit: Everyone, come here! It's the Avatar!
The spirits congregate on the lip, observing Korra for themselves. A second spirit, resembling a snail of sorts with legs, turns to the light spirit.
Skeptical spirit:  You sure? I don't sense any Raava energy around her. Besides, she's not dressed like the Avatar. And, doesn't the Avatar have ponytails?
Korra:  Do you mind? I'm trying to concentrate here. And yes, I am the Avatar. I'm just wearing different clothes and I cut my hair.
Light spirit:  See? I told you guys it was her!  How come you've been away so long?
Korra: I was hurt pretty bad a while ago and lost touch with my Avatar Spirit.
Skeptical spirit: No wonder I couldn't feel Raava's energy.
Korra: I came to the Tree of Time hoping to reconnect with Raava and turn on the Avatar State again. But it's not working.  The last time I was here, I saw all sorts of visions.  Now I don't see anything.
Light spirit:  Maybe we can help you get better.
Korra:  I'm sorry, but for years, people have been saying they can help me get better.  Nothing's worked.  I need to figure this out on my own.
</scene>

<scene>
She leaves the tree, not looking back, as the spirits look after her. The scene changes to Korra's boat wending through a waste of water and icebergs as her voice, in the background, narrates a letter.
Korra:  Dear Mom and Dad,  I arrived in Republic City a couple weeks ago and couldn't be happier. It's nice to be back at the temple and it's great to see my friends again.  Don't worry, I'm taking it easy, but hopefully I'll be back in action soon. I miss you both very much. Please, give Naga a big hug for me. Love, Korra.  Raava?  Raava!
She reaches the crest of the dune, only to find empty air where Raava was; she falls to her knees, realizing it was another hallucination. Fade to just before the present, where Korra is walking through a town somewhere in the Earth Kingdom. Lifting her head, she sees her hallucination waiting at the end of her path, illuminated by a streetlight. The view again rolls as it zooms on the apparition, and as it does, it turns, walking away down a side alley.
Korra:  I am ending this.
She chases her likeness down the alley, where she sees it jump a fence and follows it, landing on a rooftop on the other side. Looking for where the ghost has gone, she spots it standing in the entrance of a building, the light from its interior pouring into the street; people are standing near the entrance, and Korra's apparition stands there as well. A single person passes the entrance, and as he passes the place where the apparition stands, it vanishes into thin air. Korra, seeing what she has to do, jumps from the roof, determination etched in her face. Inside the building sits the arena, with two earthbenders sparring in the pit beneath as the crowd cheers; as she passes across the view of the ring, her ghost appears, standing in the pit itself, unseen by everybody except herself. She walks up to the ring announcer, who half-turns to look at her while collecting money from people placing bets in the audience.
Korra: Excuse me. Who do I talk to about getting in the ring?
</scene>

<scene>
The ring announcer raises an eyebrow at her. Cut to Korra in the ring, being beaten back by her opponent. After being thrown across the ring and crashing into the wall, she gets up, but she suddenly starts to see double, and the crowd above fades into blackness. Where seconds before she had seen an earthbender, she now sees the hallucination of her standing opposite her, shoulders hunched in the same familiar inhuman pose. Rising defiantly to her feet, Korra yells at the apparition.
Korra: Is that all you got?
The apparition swings her arms, the chain flying like a whip across the ring as Korra dodges. The apparition moves faster than she can see, and it jumps, formless, through space before solidifying above Korra. Its attack, unseen by Korra until the last moment, catches her in the face. Her head hits the dirt before her feet, and she tumbles across the floor, slamming into the wall behind her. She struggles to rise for a moment, staring the vengeful vision in the face before she falls, unconscious, to the floor, and the vision melts back into reality.
Ring announcer: We have a winner!
</scene>

<scene>
The other earthbender raises her arms in victory. A quick succession of shots flashes by: Korra healing herself in the bathroom, being yelled at to "hurry up in there"; nearly being run down; and the angrily barking puppy. The scene switches to Korra chasing the dog on the outskirts of the town. At the top of a hill, she pauses; the shot changes its perspective, showing a swamp in the direction in which the dog is running.
Korra:  Why did you bring me to the swamp?  Wait, I met you at the Tree of Time.  You should have told me who you were.
Light spirit:  If I did, would you have followed me?
Korra:  I get your point. But why did you bring me here? What am I gonna find in the swamp?
Light spirit: Not a what, a who. 
Korra:  No, wait!  Come back!
Stumbling through to the other side, she falls into a pool of water. Looking up, she is terrified to find herself face to face with her apparition. Korra rises to her feet.
Korra:  You're just in my mind. You're not real.
Korra's projection does nothing for a short moment, before sending a powerful blast of fire at Korra; it hits her, sending her flying through the air, where she collides with a tree and collapses into the water below. Trying to rise again, she looks up to see her dark self stagger-stepping through the vines in front of her. Korra sends streams of water at the vision, but it evaporates on the spot, reforming itself out of the way and sending fire, water, and earth of its own back at Korra. Korra, dodging the water and fire, is hit head-on by the earth and flies backward again, tumbling into a hole. The blurred gray streak of the apparition reforms in midair above Korra, its flaming foot creating an arc of flame as it attempts to crush Korra, who somersaults out of the way as the apparition lands with crushing force. Korra doesn't even have time to get back on her feet before the vision furiously blasts her with water, sending her airborne yet again; Korra lands face-first in the mud but gets back to her feet, running as fast as she can away from her hallucination, which, deforming and reforming rapidly, appears behind her, shooting a jet of flame after her. Korra ducks as it shoots over her head and, jumping and twisting in midair, earthbends back at her doppelganger before immediately jumping with airbending into the tree sprawling above her. As the Korra's Avatar self reforms under the tree, glaring up at the escaping Korra, it unwinds the chain from its wrist, once more wielding it as a whip, cracking it on the ground with enough force to shake the earth before flinging it up into the tree, where it wraps itself around a fleeing Korra's ankle as she reaches a higher branch. The force of the chain begins to pull her down, and she desperately grabs onto the vines winding around the branches to keep herself from falling. As she looks down at the ground far below, the ground below the feet of Korra's Avatar self, to her horror, melts, turning into the mercury with which Zaheer poisoned her. Korra tries to get her foot around a vine, still holding on for dear life, to try to save herself, but Korra's Avatar self begins to sink into the mercury, pulling still harder against Korra. As the doppelganger sinks up to its still-furious face in the pool of mercury, the vine in Korra's left hand snaps under the weight, and, seconds later, the one in her right hand lets go. Screaming, Korra falls headlong into the puddle of poison below her. As soon as she hits the surface, the mercury fastens onto her body like glue and she begins to sink into the puddle. As web-like tendrils leap from the surface, she reaches into the air, grasping for something that is not there.
Korra: Help!
Immediately after she screams, the silver poison wraps around her arm, pulling her down into darkness. Sometime later, Korra awakens in a dimly lit room. A blue-ish light filters through a substance covering the top of a deep hole opening just above her, which extends all the way to ground level, a considerable distance above her. She sits up, her hand on her head, and hears the noise of a moving liquid, followed by an elderly female voice.
Unknown woman:  Feeling better?
Korra: Where am I? Wha-what happened?
Unknown woman: I was hoping you could tell me. I found you passed out in the mud.
Korra: How'd you know I was out there?
Unknown woman:  I'm pretty tapped into the goings-on around here. What brings you to the swamp, anyway?
Korra: A spirit led me here and told me I was supposed to find someone. Is that you?
Unknown woman: Beats me. But if your Avatar senses called you here, you should probably listen to them.
Korra:  Wait, you recognize me?
She stands up and walks toward the mystery person.
Unknown woman:  In a manner of speaking. We were good friends in your previous life.
Korra firebends a small flame with her hand, casting light on the mysterious person, who turns to face Korra, revealing an elderly woman with long silver hair hanging down over clouded eyes.
Korra:  I can't believe it ... Toph?
Toph:  Nice to see you again, Twinkle Toes.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to credits.
Main Katara Korra Tonraq Senna: Minor Asami Sato Bolin Fishmonger Jinora Kya Mako Naga Pabu Raava Spirits Light spirit Tenzin Toph Beifong<scene>
Shiro Shinobi:  Republic City is at war! After discovering that her father, Hiroshi Sato, is working with the enemy, Asami turns against him, and following another defeat at the hands of the Equalists, Lin Beifong resigns as Chief of Police. With the Equalist army growing stronger, who will help the Avatar stop Amon and restore balance to the city?
</scene>

<scene>
The episode opens with a ferry sailing toward Air Temple Island. Cut to a frontal shot of Bolin, leaning slightly over the railing with Pabu perched on his shoulder. He looks toward the island with an excited look upon his face. Mako and Asami, her arm wrapped around Mako, are standing behind Bolin, watching the island as well. Cut to a far off shot of Air Temple Island and the ferry pulls up at the port. The scene switches to a back shot of Korra, Jinora, Ikki, and Meelo standing on the dock, waving at the people on the boat. Naga stands on the dock as well.
Ikki:  You're finally here!  Welcooome to Air Temple Island.  Your new home.
Meelo:  Yes, welcome to  my domain.
Bolin:  Well, aren't you sweet,  little monk child.
Pabu jumps down from Bolin's shoulder and runs in between Meelo's legs before running to the right. Meelo bends over and looks through his legs at Pabu. He stands erect again.
Meelo:  What's that fuzzy creature?
Pabu and Naga sniff each other's nose; Pabu erects himself on his hind legs, and gently touches Naga's nose with his left front paw.
Jinora:  That is a fire ferret.  An arboreal mammal common  to the bamboo forest of the central Earth Kingdom.
Ikki:  He's cuuuute!
</scene>

<scene>
Ikki squees and runs off screen toward Pabu. Meelo airbends upward while an irritated Jinora plugs her ears by putting a finger into each of her ears to silence Ikki's shrieks. Cut to Pabu who hisses at Ikki and runs under Naga. The girl follows suit as she continues giggling with joy. Meelo descends down to jump on Naga's head, grabbing and pulling the polar bear dog's ears backward.
Meelo:  Yip yip! Fly sky bison! Fly!
</scene>

<scene>
Naga does not react to Meelo's antics and Ikki continues to chase Pabu around the dock. Cut to Korra looking at the children.
Mako:  Thanks for sending the Air Acolytes to help us with the move.
Asami:  Yes, they've been amazing.  Such tireless workers.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a side view of the boat as are seen two Air Acolytes carrying several trunks of luggage. They are heard them grunting as they walk down the ramp.
Korra:  Oh, I thought you were only bringing a  few things.
Mako: Trust me,  it could've been worse.
Korra: No problem, everyone here wants you guys to feel welcome.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the gates of Air Temple Island. Naga playfully chases Pabu around as the group strolls behind them and walks toward the temple. Ikki runs around with her hands outstretched as she sings and hums gleefully. Cut to a side view shot of Asami, Mako, and Jinora. Asami looks down at Meelo with confusion as he grins at her.
Meelo: You're pretty, can I have some of your hair? 
Mako:  Looks like I have some competition.
Ikki:  And now for the grand tour.  The flying bison sleep in those caves down there.  And that's the temple Grandpa Aang built.  And that's the greenhouse where we grow the vegetables we eat. 
Bolin: I have a couple of questions.  Is this an all vegetarian island?  Is that where you train airbending?  Do we have to wear Air Acolyte clothes? Do we each get our own sky bison? And final question, how many trees are on this island? 
Ikki:  Yes. Yes. No. No. Ten thousand five hundred and fifty two. 
Mako: So, where are we going to be staying?
Meelo: You're a boy.  Boys have to stay on the boys' side.
Jinora:  I'd be happy to show you to the men's dormitory. 
Bolin: I'm a boy! 
Korra: Meelo, why don't you go with the boys too?
Meelo:  We shall meet again soon, beautiful woman. 
Korra:  Ikki and I will take you to your room this way.
</scene>

<scene>
Scene changes to show the outside of the girls dormitory before changing to the corridors where Korra, Asami and Ikki are walking.
Ikki:  Asami, did you know Korra likes Mako?
</scene>

<scene>
Korra stops in her tracks as her eyes grow wide open in horror. Cut to the inside of her head as her face contorts in a dramatic background where Korra inhumanly screams at Ikki in horror, fire burning and lightning striking behind her before returning to reality. Korra looks around with fear as Asami looks uncomfortable with the topic.
Asami:  Oh.  Uh, no. I wasn't completely aware of that.
Korra grabs Asami's arm and drags her further along the corridor. Back shot of Korra as she slides open the doors, and moves to the side, smiling and gesturing to Asami in an inviting manner to enter the room. As Asami enters, Ikki walks up to the room to follow them, but Korra goes in after Asami and turns around, glaring at Ikki while slamming the doors shut in front of her, making her step back.
Ikki:  Hey!
Korra:  Run along, Ikki!
Ikki looks down and moans sadly. Suddenly, she looks up and acts out like an angry cat with glowing white eyes, making some cat noises as she claws at the air before growling at the doors and folding her arms in annoyance while looking away. Inside the room, Korra sighs and scratches her head awkwardly.
Korra:  So,  here's your room.  I know this is a little rustic compared to what you're used to.
Asami: I think it's really charming  and the best part about it, nothing here reminds me of my father.  Thank you for your hospitality. 
Korra:  Ikki! I swear  if you don't leave us alone, I'm gonna-  Uh, Tenzin!  Come right in.
Tenzin:  Good day, ladies. Asami, welcome to the island.
Asami:  Thank you for having me. 
Tenzin:  Beifong's replacement, Saikhan, is going to be inducted as the new Chief of Police later. I think we should both be there.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the outside of the Police Headquarters, a large crowd standing at the front with Saikhan at the podium.
Saikhan: It was an honor serving under Chief Beifong for so many years  and I wish her a speedy recovery. It is with great humility that I take her place as the new Chief of Police. Republic City is facing a threat like none the world has ever seen but there is one man who's been effective against Amon's revolution, Councilman Tarrlok.  That is why for all matters involving the Equalists, I will report directly to him.  The police department will lend any and all available resources to the councilman and his task force  until we quell this insurgency.
Korra:  What is that weasel snake Tarrlok up to now?
</scene>

<scene>
They look at Tarrlok with disdain, and the camera cuts to a shot of the council chairman. Cut to an overview shot of the police headquarters, before focusing on Tarrlok again. As the crowd disperses after the inauguration, he gives the Fire Nation councilwoman a hands, who leaves with the other council members; he bows after them in their direction.
Tenzin:  Tarrlok, I don't know what you did to get Chief Saikhan in your pocket but I highly doubt it was legal.
Tarrlok: Oh, Tenzin.  Always the conspiracy theorist. Did you ever consider Saikhan simply recognizes my talents and wants what is best for this city?  Well, Avatar Korra. Long time, no see. Now that your little pro-bending distractions are over, I look forward to your return to my task force.
Korra: Ha!  Forget it! There's no way I'm rejoining your vanity project.
Tarrlok: That is unfortunate to hear, but I'm sure you'll come to your senses as you have in the past.
Korra: Don't hold your breath, bub.  You know, Tenzin's been right about you all along.  You played me,  you played Beifong,  and now you're playing the new Chief too.  Well, I got news for you.  You need me,  but I don't need you. I'm the Avatar.
Tarrlok:  You're not, in fact, the Avatar.  You are merely a half-baked Avatar in training, which reminds me, how is your airbending going?  Made any significant progress with that?  I didn't think so.  If you will not be part of my task force, then you had best stay out of my way.
He leaves as Tenzin places his hand on Korra's shoulder to comfort her, as she looks in Tarrlok's direction in anger. Aerial shot of Oogi flying over Republic City. Closer shot of Korra sitting on the saddle.
Korra:  I don't understand what's wrong with me. I've memorized nearly all of the practice forms, but I still can't produce a single measly puff of air!  I'm a failure.
Tenzin:  No you're not. You just need to work through this airbending block.
Korra:  Amazing advice. I'll get right on that.
Tenzin:  I wasn't finished yet. You see, Aang not only had his bending teachers, but also his past lives to call upon for guidance. Have you ever made contact with your past lives?
Korra: No, of course I haven't. Didn't you get the memo from the White Lotus? I'm a spiritual failure, too.
Tenzin: You may have made a connection without realizing it.  Perhaps something you mistook as a dream?
Korra: Maybe. I had a few weird hallucinations,  but I hardly even remember them.
Tenzin:  And did you see any previous Avatars in these visions?
Korra: I saw Aang. It seemed like he was in trouble. What do you think it means?
Tenzin: Hmm, I don't know.  But I urge you to meditate on these visions.  I believe Aang's spirit must be trying to tell you something.
</scene>

<scene>
Fade to evening as the camera points toward Avatar Aang's statue. The scene turns into night time as the camera pans to show Korra sitting on the ledge on Air Temple Island, staring at the statue of Aang on Memorial island, tears rolling down her cheeks.
Mako:  Korra? You out here?
</scene>

<scene>
Korra turns her head toward the voice and wipes away her tears as Pabu comes out from the bushes. Cut to a bush as Pabu's head peeks out and chirps.
Bolin:  Korraaa!
The ferret stops in front of Korra and starts licking away her tears. Bolin, Asami, and Mako find her and Pabu runs back to Bolin and climbs up onto his shoulder.
Bolin: There you are.  Are you okay?
Korra:  I'm fine.
Mako:  Come on, what's wrong? You can tell us.
Korra:  How am I suppose to save this city when I can't even learn airbending?  I'm the worst Avatar ever!  I just feel ... alone.
Asami:  No, that's nonsense! You're amazing!
Mako:  Yeah and remember. Aang hadn't mastered all the elements when he was battling the Fire Nation. He was just a little kid.
Bolin:  And he wasn't alone. He had his friends to help him. Look, the arena might be shut down but we're still a team. The new Team Avatar!
Mako: We got your back Korra, and we can save this city.  Together.
Korra:  Yeah, let's do it!
Places her hand on top and Meelo suddenly descends and airbends down, farting on top on their hands as they express their shock and disgust by widening their eyes.
Meelo:  Yeah, let's do it!  What are we doing? 
</scene>

<scene>
Scene changes to the gates of the temple to a night view of Republic City as the camera slowly pans out to reveal Bolin looking at the city.
Bolin:  Get ready, Republic City.  You are about to be patrolled by Team Avatar.
Mako:  Asami, you always know how to accessorize your outfits.
Asami: I figure one way to fight Equalists is to use an Equalist weapon. 
Korra: All right,  Let's ride.
</scene>

<scene>
Camera pans out to reveal Mako, Asami, and Korra already seated on Naga.
Bolin:  Naga away!
</scene>

<scene>
Naga bends down, causing the New Team Avatar to slide off her and fall on top of each other. Naga growls and shakes her head. Cut to an embarrassed Korra as she stands up and places her hand on her head. She narrows her eyes in dismay as they look to the side.
Korra: All right, scratch that.  Any other ideas?
Asami:  Hmm.  I think I have the answer.
A garage opens, the headlights from a car shining on Mako, Bolin, and Korra. Asami starts up the car and drives out of the garage. The car swerves and stops in front of them.
Asami: You think this'll do?
Mako, Bolin, and Korra smile at her and they all jump into the car.
Mako:  I like the new Team Avatar's style.
Asami changes gears and they drive off to patrol the city. The radio begins to speak.
Police dispatcher: Unit two sixteen, cancel that ten fifty-eight at Harmony Tower. Come back to the station, over. 
Asami: My dad had police scanners installed in all of his cars. I guess now I know why.
Police dispatcher: Calling all units, Level Four Alert. Jailbreak at headquarters. Officers down, electrocuted. Chi blockers and Equalist convicts are still at large armed and dangerous.  Last seen heading east. I repeat, Level Four Alert. Equalist jailbreak! 
Bolin:  Chi blockers!
Mako:  That's them! 
Korra:  Let's get 'em!
Asami changes gears and begins the car chase. Cars twirl and stop from crashing into the truck as it plows through the street. Asami dodges the cars and still tails the chi blockers but a massive truck blocks their way.
Asami: Korra! Bolin! Give me a ramp! Now!
Korra and Bolin earthbend a massive ramp that sends the car soaring into the air before landing safely, resuming their chase. Mako uses his lightning and strikes one of the chi blocker's motorcycle, making the chi blocker fall to the ground. Bolin earthbends earth darts, hitting the wheel of another motorcycle, causing the chi blocker to fall. Asami dodges the fallen cyclist. The rest of the chi blockers begin to use a smoke screen and move right in front of them. Not being able to see, Asami puts on her goggles and notices the chi blockers turning to the right.
Asami: Help me out! We gotta make this turn!
Korra and Bolin earthbend a giant, angled curve, making the car swerve up before landing back onto the street and they resume the chase.
Asami: They don't know we made the turn. Okay, get ready.
Asami changes gears and the car gains speed to ram the motorcyclists, flinging them into the air before landing on top of the bonnet. Mako firebends but his arm is wrapped up by the Equalist's bola. Mako uses his other arm, but it becomes wrapped up as well. The other Equalist jumps in front of Bolin and chi blocks his arm before he can even attack, making him the fall back into his seat with pain. Asami electrocutes the chi blocker with her glove, causing the Equalist to fall onto the back seat. The first Equalist attempts to pull Mako out of his seat, but Korra grabs his shoulders and pulls him down, causing the Equalist to fall over onto the car, where Asami electrocutes him. Mako chucks the unconscious Equalist to the back and prepares to do another lightning strike. Asami drives the car closer to the truck so the driver is visible and Mako shoots his lightning at the driver. The driver becomes unconscious and the truck begins to swerve before tumbling to its sides, hitting the lamp post before it stopped. Photos are taken by reporters as the team waits for the police to arrive. Korra smiles as Tarrlok approaches them.
Tarrlok:  Avatar Korra, what do you think you are doing?
Korra:  Oh, hey Tarrlok. Nice of you to show up finally. Here, we captured the escaped convicts for you.
Tarrlok:  What you did was tear up the city and impede the real authorities in their pursuit of these criminals.
Korra:  Hmm, that's funny.  I didn't see your little task force or the cops the whole time.  If it wasn't for Team Avatar,  they would've gotten away.
Tarrlok:  This is your last warning. Stay out of my way! 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the outside City Hall.
Tarrlok:  Republic City stands as a beacon of freedom, but the Equalists are using that freedom to tear it down.  The law I have proposed would make it illegal for anyone to be a member of the Equalists or even be associated with them. It also puts into effect a curfew, ensuring all nonbenders are in their own homes by nightfall.
Tenzin: This is going too far, Tarrlok!  You can't punish all nonbenders for the actions of a few! 
Tarrlok:  That kind of cowardice will cause our city to fall into Amon's hands. We must pass this law. All in favor? 
Changes to the streets of Republic City where Team Avatar are resting and eating their dumplings, when the radio suddenly starts buzzing.
Police dispatcher: All available units, please respond to the fifty six hundred block of Dragon Flats borough. Equalists have taken to the streets, consider them armed and dangerous. Proceed with caution. 
Bolin: I call front!
Mako:  After you.
Korra: What a gentleman,  thanks!
Both jump into the car, smiling at each other as Asami adjusts the mirrors, narrowing her eyes at them in disdain before starting the car and driving off to the Dragon Flats borough, where police airships are circling around an area plunged in darkness.
Korra: Why is the power out?
The car swerves around the corner and stops. Asami takes off her goggles as they look at hundreds of nonbenders protesting at the metalbending police officers who are holding them behind a blockade.
Asami:  Wait a second, these people aren't armed or dangerous.
Korra:  Sure doesn't look that way. 
Saikhan: All nonbenders, return to your homes immediately.
Male #1: Yeah, as soon as you turn our power back on. 
Saikhan: Disperse, or you will all be arrested.
Female #1:  You benders can't treat us this way! 
Child #1: Mummy, look! It's the Avatar! 
Female #1:  Please, help us! You're our Avatar, too!
Korra:  Everyone, please stay calm. I'm gonna put a stop to this.  Tarrlok, you need to turn the power back on and leave these people alone.
Tarrlok:  Avatar Korra, you and your playmates have no business here.
Korra: We're not going anywhere. You don't have the right to treat these innocent people like criminals.
Tarrlok:  This is an Equalist rally.  There is nothing innocent about it.
Asami:  They're not Equalists, they're just normal people who want their rights back.
Tarrlok:  They are the enemy!  Round up all these Equalists!
Metalbending officers begin to earthbend, removing the legs from the barriers and forcing the people back as they coil the barriers around them. The metalbenders slam their legs into the ground, causing large mounds of earth to rise underneath the nonbenders, lifting them off the ground. Fear begins to spread through those not caught, and they start running away. The police force prepares to put people into the police trucks, while Team Avatar looks on aghast.
Korra:  Stop!
Korra earthbends the mounds of earth down so every one can escape. Tarrlok snarls at her, and turns to see Asami watching her. He bends a water whip to grab onto Asami's wrist. Asami turns and looks up at him.
Asami:  Hey! Let me go!
Tarrlok:  You're under arrest!
Mako:  What?  You can't do that!
Tarrlok:  Actually, I can. She's a nonbender out past curfew  and her father is a known Equalist conspirator.
Mako:  Let her go!
Tarrlok:  Arrest him and his brother! 
Korra:  Tarrlok! 
Tarrlok: Unless you want to join your friends in prison, I suggest you put those down and go back to the Air Temple.
Mako: Korra, listen to him. It's not worth it. 
Bolin:  We'll be all right.
Korra:  Don't worry, I'll call Tenzin. He can get you out. 
Tarrlok: So sad to see your little Team Avatar broken up. You had a good run.
Korra:  This isn't over, Tarrlok.
Tarrlok: Oh, I believe it is.  Take them away. 
</scene>

<scene>
Scene changes to the Police Headquarters, moving down to show Tenzin walking up to the front doors. He walks up toward Korra, who attempts to talk to the person behind the counter without success.
Korra:  Hey! 
Tenzin: I came as fast as I could. Are your friends all right?
Korra:  I don't know! These knuckleheads won't tell me anything.
Tenzin:  I'll take care of this.  Saikhan, a word please.
Saikhan:  Councilman Tenzin, I'm pretty swamped at the moment. Can this wait?
Tenzin: No, it cannot. Three of Avatar Korra's friends were wrongly arrested tonight. I'd like you to release them immediately.
Saikhan: They're not going anywhere. They were interfering with police business.
Korra: Your so called police business was rounding up innocent people and claiming they were Equalists. They should be released, too.
Saikhan: All Equalists suspects are being detained indefinitely. They'll be freed if and when the task force deems they are no longer a threat.
Tenzin: Those people are entitled to due process under the law.
Saikhan: You'll have to take that up with Councilman Tarrlok.
Tenzin:  Oh, I plan to. At the council meeting, first thing in the morning. 
Korra:  You're officially the worst Chief of Police ever! 
Tenzin:  Calm down, Korra.  I'll get this sorted out, we just need to be patient.  But you really are the worst!  Ever! 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Air Temple Island where it is snowing. Korra lies on her bed, angry at herself and opens the window to look at Republic City. She turns to Naga.
Korra:  Wake up, Naga.  Let's go.
</scene>

<scene>
Scene changes to City Hall. Korra rides on Naga as they come closer to the building. Korra slips down from Naga.
Korra:  Wait for me here, girl.  Don't worry, I'll be all right.
</scene>

<scene>
She walks away. Scene changes to show Tarrlok working with the council page before the window bursts open, blowing papers everywhere. You can see a decorative waterfall behind Tarrlok and the council page. They look up to see Korra standing at the window.
Korra:  You and I need to talk. 
Tarrlok:  Are any of the other council members here?
Council page: I believe everyone has gone home for the night.
Tarrlok: Then you should do the same.
Council page:  Are you sure, sir?
Tarrlok: Leave us.  You obviously have something on your mind? Spit it out.
Korra: Don't you see? You're doing exactly what Amon says is wrong with benders. You're using your power to oppress and intimidate people!
Tarrlok:  And you don't?
Korra:  Of-  Of course not!
Tarrlok: Isn't that what you came here to do? Intimidate me into releasing your friends.  See, that's what I admire about you, Korra. Your willingness to go to extremes in order to get what you want. It is a quality we both share.
Korra:  You and I are nothing alike!
Tarrlok: Look, I'll make you a deal. You fall in line and do what I say and I'll release your friends.
Korra:  That's why you arrested them? To get to me?
Tarrlok:  I need your answer.
Korra:  No. You might be able to manipulate Chief Saikhan into following you, but it won't work on me.
Tarrlok:  You will regret that decision.
Korra: You need to be stopped!  You're just as bad as Amon!
Tarrlok:  I've tried to work with you, Korra, but you've made it impossible.
Tarrlok turns around, suddenly slicing a stream of water from the waterfall at her. Korra barely dodges, only a small section of her hair being cut. She rolls and earthbends at Tarrlok, forcing him back and causing him to hit his back on the wall. Korra raises her arms and holds it straight while shooting a blast of fire toward Tarrlok, who protects himself by waterbending a dome around him. He thrusts his hands forward repeatedly behind the dome, firing several ice darts toward Korra, who flips back to try and dodge them, but still gets grazed as she lands. She attempts to punch the ice darts away, but one catches her on her side, and she lifts her hands up to protect her head. Tarrlok continues to throw ice darts at her with a sadistic smile, but Korra earthbends a wall to protect herself. She thrusts her arm forward, earthbending the wall behind Tarrlok into him, causing him to fly through the wall into the council chambers. He tries to right himself, but trips over the railing and begins to fall, grabbing the railing with his hand, his hair loose over his face as he glares.
Korra:  Still think that I'm a half-baked Avatar?
She earthbends, causing Tarrlok to fall to the ground. She jumps off and punches the ground, causing a gigantic hole around her. She looks up at him with anger, breathing heavily.
Korra: What are you gonna do now? You're all out of water, pal.
Tarrlok moves away in fear as Korra begins to firebend from her palms. She runs toward him intending to vaporize him, but she is halted by Tarrlok as he begins to perform bloodbending. Korra groans in pain as he continues, making her fall to her knees.
Tarrlok: You're in my way Avatar, and you need to be removed.
Korra:  You're, you're a bloodbender?
Tarrlok: Very observant.
Korra:  It's not a full moon!  How- how are you doing this?!
Tarrlok: There are a lot of things you don't know about me.
Tarrlok bloodbends her and flings her across the room into a pillar. Korra begins to lose consciousness as Tarrlok approaches her, until she faints. Visions come to where in a courtroom, Yakone bulges his eyes in pain, Sokka yells in pain from the bloodbending. Toph tries to metalbend her cables, but she too is bloodbent. Aang struggles to move closer to Yakone, who laughs at him, an expression of determination in his eyes. Korra sluggishly wakes up to find Tarrlok has binded her with ropes. She lifts up her head.
Korra: Where are you taking me?
Tarrlok: Somewhere no one will find you.  Say goodbye to Republic City, Avatar Korra. You'll never see it again! 
Korra:  You can't do this!  Let me out!  Garh!
</scene>

<scene>
The car drives away from the City Hall as the camera pans up to show a crescent moon. Cut to credits.
Main Asami Sato Bolin Korra Mako Tenzin Antagonists Equalists Saikhan Tarrlok: Minor Aang (flashback only) Air Acolytes Council page Defense attorney (flashback only) Ikki Jinora Meelo Metalbending Police Force Naga Pabu Sokka (flashback only) Toph (flashback only) Yakone (flashback only)<scene>
Admit mistakes when they occur and seek to restore honor. This page requires editing to meet Avatar Wiki's quality standards.
Shiro Shinobi:  After Korra failed to return to Republic City, everyone has been worried about her fate. So Tenzin tasked Jinora, Ikki and Meelo with finding the Avatar. Unbeknownst to the kids, Korra found refuge in the swamp with Toph, who discovered there was still metal poison in her body, but when Toph tried removing it, Korra resisted. Will the airbender kids find the Avatar and help her return to action?
</scene>

<scene>
The scene opens with Meelo loading bags onto Pepper with airbending. Ikki is standing on top, catching them.
Pema: Tenzin, are you sure you can't go with them?
Tenzin: Raiko asked me to stay here and help figure out a diplomatic solution to this Kuvira problem.
Ikki: Mom, we'll be fine. Grandpa Aang and his friends were around our age when they traveled the world.
Pema:  Well, at least I don't have to worry about you starving out there.
Meelo: Mom, we're going to be out in the wild, living off the land! We don't need your food! 
Pema: But I made your favorite treat ...
Meelo:  Sweet buns with happy faces on them?  Well, I guess we're not officially on the road yet.  Aww, this one is smudged.  I can't eat this.
Pema: You know, sometimes things get smudged in the wild.
Jinora pulls the bag of food closed and jumps off of Pepper to hug Tenzin.
Tenzin: We're you able to get a read on Korra yet?
Jinora: No, but once we're further out, I'll be able to hone in on her spiritual energy. We should be able to find her within a few days.
Tenzin:  Good luck! And be careful! Remember, Jinora's in charge!
Meelo: I answer to no man. Or girl, even if she does have tattoos.
Tenzin:  Meelo ...
Meelo: Now let's move out, soldiers!
Jinora:  Ugh ... Pepper, yip-yip! 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a mountainous region in which the bison is flying across, followed by the top of a tower which Pepper lands on. The airbenders get off the bison.
Meelo: Finally! I've been holding my pee for an hour!
Jinora gets behind a small tower and sits, closes her eyes, and starts meditating.
Ikki:  If you get through to Korra, tell her I said hi.  You feel anything yet?  What's taking so long?
Jinora:  Ikki, I can't concentrate if you keep talking.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a frontal view of Jinora.
Jinora: Why don't you go play with some of those spirits?
Ikki:  Jinora's spirity powers are broken, and she doesn't know where Korra is.
Jinora: My powers are not broken. I just need more than two seconds and some quiet.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a frontal view of Ikki and Meelo.
Meelo: While you try to pull yourself together, Poki and I are gonna go into town and find out if anyone has seen Korra.
Ikki:  Sounds like a good plan to me!
Meelo:  Enough chit-chat, you can hold the picture of Korra I drew. 
Ikki:  Wow, I didn't know you could draw!
Meelo:  You don't know a lot of things about me, sister.  Let's roll!
Meelo and Ikki jump off the ledge, opening their wingsuits and flying to a nearby village. They walk around and are shown asking a person in the distance, who shakes his head, before approaching an old lady.
Meelo: Have you seen this woman? 
Old lady: Well, aren't you an adorable little thing.
Meelo:  I'm not adorable! I'm dangerous.
Old lady:  Dangerously cute with those cheeks. 
Ikki:  Aww.
Meelo:  This. Never. Happened. Let's split.
Fade to Pepper flying through the air at sunset. Fade to a man in a tavern with earrings.
Man #1: The Avatar? We still have one of those? Haven't seen her, kid. Sorry. 
Ikki: Man ...
Fade to the children around a campfire, while Jinora is handing out food. Fade to the next day, with Meelo on a rooftop, looking around for Korra. He spots a girl in the alley below him and lets himself fall down gently, with his wingsuit open.
Meelo: Can I trust you?
Tuyen: I guess so.
Meelo: I'm on a top secret mission to find the Avatar.  Have you seen her?
Tuyen: I haven't, sorry. Top secret mission, huh?
Meelo:  Yeah, it's been pretty dangerous. I've seen some things.
Tuyen: Really? What kind of things?
Meelo: Craaazy things.
Tuyen: Cool.
Meelo: I'm Meelo. What should I call you, other than "beautiful"?
Tuyen: I'm Tuyen. Nice to meet you.
Ikki:  Ooh!  Meelo's got a girlfriend!
Meelo:  Go away, Ikki!
Ikki:  Jinora's been looking for you. We're moving on.
Tuyen: Looks like you got to get back to your mission.  Good luck. 
Meelo:  Thanks a lot, Ikki. You drove away the love of my life. 
Fade to the dock where Korra stopped in "Korra Alone". Meelo walks past the fish monger and spots the photograph he took of Korra.
Meelo: Jinora! Ikki! It's Korra!
Ikki:  Where?! Where?! Where?!
Meelo points to the picture on the wall, next to Aang's.
Jinora:  It's just a photo of Korra.
Meelo: At least it's something.
Fishmonger: Pretty neat, huh? She came by here, about uh, six months ago.
Meelo:  Looks like someone just strummed up a good-old-fashioned lead.  Then where did she go?
Fish monger: Oh, I don't know. But she wasn't looking too good.
Meelo:  Ikki, this is all your fault.
Ikki: What? I didn't do anything.
Meelo: Exactly!  You need to start pulling your weight!  That goes for you too, so-called leader! 
Ikki: Remember when he used to be so nice and sweet?
Jinora: No.
Fade to the Foggy Swamp, where Toph is relaxing on a tree root, whistling a tune. Korra walks up to her.
Korra: So ... what's the plan for today?
Toph: You're looking at it.
Korra: We didn't do anything yesterday, or the day before that.  I know! Tell me the story of how you taught Aang how to earthbend.
Toph: What's there to tell? I threw some rocks at the Avatar, he got all whiny and Sokka fell in a hole.
Korra:  I thought there'd be more to it than that.  What about the time you took down the Fire Lord? That must have been epic!
Toph: Oh yeah. It was hot. I was on a blimp. And I think a giant turtle showed up. Wow. What a day.
Korra:  Okay, you're terrible at telling stories.
Toph: You're terrible at listening to them!
Korra sighs and starts tapping her foot on the ground. Toph bends a rock up underneath her feet.
Toph: Quit making all that racket! If you're so anxious to do something, why don't you collect some mushrooms for dinner?
Korra:  You got it.
Toph: Take the path until you see the boulder with the hole in it. Then go to your left. Oh, and make sure you get the big, slimy ones!  They're the tastiest!
Fade to Jinora meditating.
Ikki:  Hey, where's all the food Mom gave us?
Meelo: I threw it in the river.
Ikki: You did what?! That food was supposed to last us two weeks!
Jinora:  Hey, keep it down! I'm trying to meditate.
Meelo: Yeah, keep it down, Ikki.
Ikki:  Meelo threw away all our food!
Meelo: From now on, we hunt for our meals.
Ikki: Meelo, we're vegetarians. We don't hunt!
Meelo: Enough whining. Poki and I will go find some grub.
Zooms out while Ikki lets out an angry yell. Fade to somewhere else in the forest.
Ikki:  My name is Meelo. I like to throw away food and fart at inappropriate moments.  I'm Jinora. I'm above it all because I'm meditating all the time.  Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't see you there.
The sugar glider drops the berry it was holding, sprints up a tree, and glides away. Ikki picks up the berry and flies after it.
Ikki: Wait! You dropped your breakfast!
She catches up to the animal and tries to hand the berry back, but he breaks off and Ikki slams into a tree branch, crashing to the ground. When she comes to a stop, she discovers the berry is squished on her cheek. The sugar glider lands on her head, climbs down to her shoulder and licks the remains of the berry off her cheek.
Ikki: Hey!  Does this mean we're friends?
Ikki stands up and looks around, seeing a big part of the forest has been cut down.
Outpost soldier #1: You're trespassing! Hold it right there.
Ikki runs. The other soldier tries to restrain her with earthbending, but misses twice over. Ikki attempts to fly away, but is caught just before she manages to take flight. She is turned around and sports a fearful look on her face, while the sugar glider buries itself in her wingsuit. Fade to the outpost soldiers.
Outpost soldier #1: All right, little airbender. Tell us what you're doing in the Earth Empire. Are you spying?
Ikki: No! I swear I'm not a spy. I've been traveling with my brother and sister. It's our first big mission and my dad, Tenzin, is counting on us. But if we don't find the Avatar, he's gonna be really disappointed.
Outpost soldier #1:  Can I talk to you for a second?  This girl is Tenzin's kid and she's looking for the Avatar.  Do you know what that means?
Outpost soldier #2: No, but try this macaroon! 
Outpost soldier #1:  Get that out of my face! Look, if we capture these three airbender kids and bring them to Kuvira,  I bet we get a big-time promotion.
Outpost soldier #2: You mean we get out of this dump? 
Outpost soldier #1:  Sorry, little lady, it looks like we got off on the wrong foot. So, you're out here with your brother and sister, where's your campsite?
Ikki: Why do you want to know?
Outpost soldier #2: We just want to get the family back together again. Maybe we can sit everybody down and have a nice plate of macaroons. 
Ikki:  Where did you get those?
Outpost soldier #2: I found a whole sack of food down by the river! And with each delicious snack, comes a lovely hand-written note.  This one says: "You're my handsome little man." That is so touching!
Ikki: My mom wrote those notes! That's our sack of food!
Outpost soldier #1:  Enough with the cute notes! Where are your brother and sister?
Ikki: Who cares ... I don't want to see them. I'd rather hang out here with you guys. Hit me with one of those macaroons.
</scene>

<scene>
Ikki opens her mouth. Soldier #2 throws a macaroon in it, much to the displeasure of soldier #1. Cut to the swamp, where Korra has reached the boulder with the hole in it. She walks through some vines, brushing them aside to see a vision of Amon taking her bending away. Startled, she turns around, but sees Unalaq ripping Raava out of her. She trips back, only to get a third vision where she sees herself strung up in the cave of the Red Lotus, at the moment she was being poisoned and was resisting the Avatar State. She lets out a scared yell and Zaheer and the two Red Lotus sentries turn around, when she snaps back into reality to discover that she has knelt down into a stream. Cut back to Jinora meditating. Meelo walks out of the bushes, looking very miserable, dragging a purple stained sack behind him.
Jinora: Are you okay?
Meelo:  Yep, totally fine!  I hope you're hungry, because we found some ...  We found some berries! 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Poki, who gags and vomits. Meelo runs off to the bushes and throws up as well.
Jinora:  Looks like you got some bad berries.  So much for living off the land.
Meelo: They're fine, I just ate too many of them because they're so ... so delicious.
Jinora: Did you run into Ikki while you were picking your poisonous berries?
Meelo: No, what? Did she run off or something?
Jinora: I think so.
Meelo: Great. Now I've got to go find the Avatar and her. This mission is getting worse by the day.
Jinora:  This isn't only your mission, Meelo. I thought we were doing this as a family.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut back to the soldiers and Ikki in the outpost.
Ikki: It seems pretty lonely out here. Where's everybody else?
Outpost soldier #1: I ... don't want to talk about it.
Outpost soldier #2: He's just upset because Kuvira's taking all the troops to Zaofu and we had to stay here.
Outpost soldier #1:  Well it's the last city left and then the whole empire will be united! And you know there's gonna be a huge party afterwards.
Ikki: It's tough to be left out, huh? I know exactly what you're going through.
Outpost soldier #1:  You do?
Ikki: Yeah. My brother and sister are always leaving me out of fun stuff. I mean, we're supposed to be looking for the Avatar together, but they won't even let me help.
Outpost soldier #2: Well, that's not fair. Maybe we can help you out!  So, where have you looked for her?
Ikki:  We've been traveling down the west coast, and the only lead we have is some guy who said he saw her six months ago.
Outpost soldier #1: Well, we have troops ... pretty much everywhere. If anyone saw her, they would have reported it.
Ikki:  What about this place?
Outpost soldier #1: Well, that's the swamp. No one goes there.
Outpost soldier #2: Don't get discouraged, Ikki. You're a valuable member of the team, and you have a big heart! I know you're going to find her. Now let's get you out of those ropes.
Soldier #2 stands up, but Meelo blasts down the door and he and Jinora effortlessly blow the soldiers against the far wall, knocking them out cold. Ikki gives them an angry look.
Meelo: You're welcome, Ikki.
Ikki:  Why did you do that?
Jinora:  We're saving you. Let's go.
Ikki: I had everything under control. I just found our food, and I have an idea where Korra is.
Jinora: You do? Then lets get going!
Ikki: Hold on.  Sorry my brother and sister knocked you out. Nice chatting with you!
Outpost soldier #2:  Ugh ... Macaroon ...
</scene>

<scene>
The airbenders walk off and the sugar glider flies after them, landing on Ikki's head. Cut to Korra in the swamp, sitting on a tree root, high above the water. She has a dejected expression on her face.
Toph:  There you are. You got my dinner yet?
Korra: No ... this swamp ... it did crazy things to my mind. I had visions, of all the times my enemies hurt me.
Toph:  Yeah, I figured something like that might happen.
Korra:  What? You wanted me to see those visions? You are one twisted old lady, you know that?
Toph: Look, I know you want to get better. And so does the swamp! It can sense you're out of balance. It will teach you what you need to learn, if you're open to listening.
Korra:  Okay, swamp. I'm all ears.
Toph: You said you saw your past enemies. Now, why do you think that is?
Korra: I don't know. Because they made me and a lot of other people suffer.
Toph: Sounds like you're carrying around your former enemies, the same way you're still carrying around that metal poison. You maybe consider you could learn something from them?
Korra:  Sounds like the swamp is messing with your mind too.
Toph: My mind is just fine, thank you. Listen,  what did Amon want? Equality for all. Unalaq? He brought back the spirits. And Zaheer believed in freedom.
Korra: I guess ...
Toph: The problem was, those guys were totally out of balance and they took their ideologies too far.
Korra: Okay, fine. But that doesn't explain why they keep haunting me.
Toph: Because you need to face your fears. You can't expect to deal with future enemies if you're still fighting the old ones.
Korra: Maybe you're right, but how am I supposed to move on?
Toph: Boy, you Avatars sure need a lot of hand-holding. Get up! We're going to the banyan-grove tree.
</scene>

<scene>
Toph gets up and walks away. Korra follows her. Cut to Pepper flying somewhere above the swamp.
Ikki: Those soldiers said there weren't any troops here and, I figure, if Korra's not feeling good, she might come to a spiritual place like this to get better.
Jinora lets go of the reins to meditate for a moment.
Jinora: There is an enormous amount of spiritual activity here, but I don't feel Korra.
Meelo: Well, that's what we get for listening to Ikki.
Ikki: Guys! We just got here. Let's at least look around.
Jinora: I'm sorry, Ikki, but I'm with Meelo on this. I don't think we're going to find her here. Let's go Pepper!
They make a u-turn, but suddenly a bunch of vines shoot up out of the swamp and pull the bison down into the murky water. Meelo frees Pepper by cutting some of the vines and the rest of them retract spontaneously.
Meelo: Why did those stupid vines pull us in here anyway?
Ikki: Because they want us here. I'm telling you, Korra has got to be close.
Jinora: I don't know, Ikki, I still don't sense Korra.
Ikki:  Well, you haven't sensed her the entire time we've been looking for her!
Meelo: Next time I go on a mission, it's going to be boys only. Just Poki and me.
</scene>

<scene>
Ikki lets out a tiresome grunt. Cut to Toph and Korra climbing up to the base of the banyan-grove tree.
Korra: It's beautiful.
Toph: The roots of the banyan-grove tree spread out for miles in every direction, connecting this whole swamp. Your problem is, you've been disconnected for too long. Disconnected from the people who love you and disconnected from yourself.
Korra kneels down and puts her hand on the root, sending a stream of energy through the swamp. It flows through the vines to Jinora, Ikki, and Meelo.
Meelo:  I'm tired of listening to you!
Jinora:  Korra! I know where Korra is!
Meelo and Ikki:  Yeah!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut back to Korra and Toph.
Korra: I can't believe it! I saw Jinora, Ikki and Meelo, they're here!
Toph:  Good. Hopefully they're here to take you home.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Pepper flying through the swamp and emerging from the trees in front of the banyan-grove tree.
Jinora, Ikki, and Meelo: Korra!
The airbenders jump off Pepper and unfold their wingsuits, flying to Korra and Toph. Korra turns around and starts to cry from happiness. They land and give Korra a hug.
Ikki: We missed you so much, Korra.
Korra: I missed you so much, too. How did you find me all the way out here?
Ikki: Jinora sensed your energy.
Jinora: But we never would have been here if it weren't for Ikki.
Ikki: I never would have stormed off and run into those soldiers if it weren't for Meelo.
Meelo: I was trying to toughen up these ladies, but I guess it was a team effort.
Ikki: I love your hair.
Meelo: It's so you.
Toph coughs, reminding Korra of her presence.
Korra: I'm so sorry. This is Meelo, Jinora, and Ikki. Aang and Katara's grandchildren.
Toph: Your grandpa was a real pain in my butt.
Meelo: Wait a minute. Cranky? Old? Blind? You must be Toph!
Toph:  Oh, I like this one.
Jinora:  You need to come home, Korra. Kuvira is taking over the Earth Kingdom.
Ikki: You have to stop her.
Korra: I don't know ... I'm not the Avatar I used to be. I can't even go into the Avatar State.
Ikki: Please, Korra.
Jinora: The world needs you back.
Fade to Toph's hollow tree, where Korra is standing in front of a fire. Korra's expression changes from uncertain to determined.
Korra: All right. I'm ready.
Toph: I'm not bending it out of you. You've got to do this on your own.
Korra nods, takes a firmer stance and slowly exhales.
Toph: Close your eyes. Clear your mind. And don't freak out, like last time! Now, focus your energy. Find the metal. Let it move through you body.
Korra starts to bend the metal inside her, but as she gets the visions of Zaheer suffocating her again, she loses her concentration and breaks her stance.
Toph: That fight is over. Release the fear.
Korra gets back in her stance, exhales, and starts bending the poison again. Tiny droplets of mercury come out of her arms and she moves them down the length of her arms to forms a larger drop in front of her. She repeats the process one more time, removing the last of the poison from her body. Toph bends two hemispheres around it, locking the poison inside.
Toph: Well done, Korra.
Korra's eyes shoot open, revealing the brilliant white glow of the Avatar State.
Meelo:  The Avatar is back in business!
Korra:  I feel so much lighter. Thank you so much for helping me. I'd like to give you a hug now, if that's okay with you.
Toph:  All right, you earned it. 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to outside again, where Meelo is the last to board Pepper. They all wave goodbye to Toph, and Pepper flies off.
Toph: Finally, some peace and quiet.
Roll credits.
Main Ikki Jinora Korra Meelo Toph Beifong: Minor Fishmonger Outpost soldiers Pema Pepper Poki Tenzin Tuyen<scene>
Shiro Shinobi:  Is there any place safe for the Avatar? First, President Raiko banished her from Republic City. Then the Earth Queen declared her an enemy of the Earth Kingdom after Korra rescued a group of airbenders in Ba Sing Se. And Korra has learned that Zaheer and his fellow criminals are after her. With Tenzin busy with bringing the new recruits to the Northern Air Temple, Korra's protection rests in Beifong's hands.
</scene>

<scene>
The scene opens an open field, where Naga jumps and catches a ball with her mouth before making her way to Korra. As Naga drops the ball in front of Korra, she airbends the ball away from the airship, getting Naga to fetch it back.
Lin: While you're playing fetch, four of the most dangerous criminals are hunting you down. We should get moving.
Korra: Relax, we just got here. Besides, no one knows where I am except us.  I think she wants you to throw it for her.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a close-up of Lin, who looks down. Cut to the saliva and grass-coated ball with Naga's whining heard in the background. Cut back to Lin, who keeps looking down for a few seconds before glancing at Korra.
Lin: I'll pass, thanks.
Asami: We just got a call from the radio about another airbender.
Korra: Finally! Where are they?
Mako: A city called Zaofu,  the home of the Metal Clan.
Korra: You know the place?
Lin:  Uhh ... Never been there.  But I don't want you going there. I would rest a lot easier if you were back at Republic City.
Korra: Sorry, if there's an airbender in Zaofu, then that's where we are going next.
</scene>

<scene>
Lin glares to the side and puts her head down in disappointment. Naga bends down and nudges the ball over to Lin with her nose. The metalbender regards the polar bear dog for a moment before bending out her cable and slapping it against the ball, thereby puncturing it and causing it to deflate as she leaves. Naga is left upset after Lin bursts it using her cables. Naga looks down at the deflated ball and lowers herself down, pawing at it, attempting to roll it on the ground. She makes a sad whining noise and her tail sags. The scene shifts to an aerial view of the plains he police airship, flying through the clouds and over the city of Zaofu. As the clouds past, a huge gleaming city made entirely out of metal in the shape of a lotus flower is seen. There are smaller metal flowers around the city too.
Bolin:  Wow! Wow! Wow!  An entire city made of metal! Wohoho,  you should feel right at home, Beifong.
Lin is seated on a bench far away from the windows with her arms crossed. Naga and Pabu are near her.
Lin:  Hmm ...
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a close-up of Korra, who appears to be a little unhappy at Lin's behavior and pouts at her. Camera pans out to the landing pad of the city. The police airship proceeds to land at one of the stations controlled by metalbenders. A metalbender uses and bends a string of cable out of the crane and it loops itself around a hook under the airship to connect the metal cable to the airship. Two other metalbenders subsequently bend and build an intricate stairway for the airship's passengers. Cut to the interior, where Bolin runs out excitedly, while the rest of Team Avatar walks out calmly. Lin is slumped on the seat and still seated in the background, uninterested.
Bolin: Yeah!
Asami:  Aren't you coming?
Lin: What's there to see? It's metal. Big whoop. Just find the airbender and let's get moving. Don't tell anyone I'm here.
Korra: Why not?
Lin: I don't need to explain myself to you.  Just do what I say.
Korra:  Fine.  You got it, Chief Crankypants.
Team Avatar exits the airship, where they are greeted by a man in green and yellow robes and two Metal Clan escorts.
Aiwei: Avatar Korra. It is an honor to meet you.  My name is Aiwei.
Korra:  Thanks for having us.
Aiwei:  Is this everyone?
Korra:  Yup.  Just us. So, can I meet the new airbender?
Aiwei:  Of course,  right this way.
</scene>

<scene>
Aiwei gestures for Team Avatar to follow him. The escorts close the gate after them and they descend down the dock. Cut to Air Temple Island, followed by the inside of the dining hall.
Ikki:  And this is the Air Acolyte dining hall where everyone eats. And this is Daw.  He's a new airbender too,  like you guys.
Daw:  It's so nice to meet you. How exciting. New friends.
Zaheer:  Excuse me, hello?  My name is Yorru.  I heard this is the place to come for if you're a new airbender.
Meelo: You got that right, stranger.
Zaheer: Well, a couple of weeks ago, I woke up and suddenly I can do this. 
Ikki:  Mom!  Aunt Kya!  We got another one!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Zaheer, who smiles at his successful deception. The scene shifts to an aerial shot of Zaofu, followed by the city, where a tram passes by. Cut to the interior of the tram, where Team Avatar and Aiwei are, while Bolin looks out excitedly.
Aiwei:  That statue honors the first metalbender, Toph Beifong, who expanded the possibilities of what benders were capable of. Here, everyone is encouraged to reach his, or her, highest potential.
Bolin:  Does Toph live here? Are we going to get to meet her?
Aiwei: I'm afraid not.  She would visit from time to time, but years ago she left to wander the world, in search of enlightenment.  No one has seen her since. 
</scene>

<scene>
The tram continues its path and heads for the edge of Zaofu, stopping at the terminal. Cut to an aerial shot of the city's edge.
Korra: Wow. Is this where the airbender lives?
Aiwei: Yes. But first, her mother wants to meet you.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the dance studio, where eight dancers are rehearsing on a flattened metal lotus flower. They fire metal cables to the ceiling, and four of them swing upward before landing, while the four bottom dancers bend the petals for their team-mates to land on. The dancers bounce from petal to petal, before jumping to the middle, where the flower closes. The dancers open the flower, where the inside dancers pose with graceful poise.
Korra: Is this some kind of combat training?
Aiwei: Not exactly, they are rehearsing for a dance premiere next month.
Suyin:  That's it for today everyone. 
Aiwei: Allow me to introduce the matriarch of the Metal Clan, Suyin.
Suyin: Please call me Su.  Great to finally meet you, Avatar Korra.  And this must be Mako, Bolin, and Asami.
Mako: You've done your research.
Suyin: I make it my business to know who's visiting my city.
Korra: So, you're a dancer.
Suyin:  Dancer. Leader. Wife. Mother. Collector of rare meteorites. You'll find people here have many skills and interests.  Korra, why did you lie when Aiwei asked if there was anyone else with you? 
Korra:  What? I, uh, I didn't. I mean ...
Bolin: Oh ...
Korra: How did you know I was lying?
Aiwei: I'm a truth seer. When people lie, their heart rate and breathing increase.  I can sense the most subtle of changes.
Suyin: Thanks to Aiwei, there are no secrets in our city.
Korra:  We came with Republic City's Chief of Police. She didn't want anyone to know she was here. I'm sorry I didn't tell you.
Suyin:  Lin's here? Well, I would love to say hello.
Korra: Wait, you two know each other?
Suyin: You're joking, right?  Lin never told you about me.
Korra: No. Why would she?
Suyin: I'm Lin's sister.
</scene>

<scene>
Team Avatar listens to the news with surprise and disbelief. Cut to the police airship, where Lin looks at Zaofu, before the scene focuses on her reflection.
Korra:  I found out  why you're so against coming here.  Why didn't you ever tell me you had a sister?
Lin: Half-sister.
Suyin: Same mom, different dads, so what?  We're blood, Lin, and after thirty years, the least you could do is say "hello".
Lin:  I have nothing to say to you.
</scene>

<scene>
Camera angle changes to a close-up of an angry Lin. The blurred background clears up with the rest of the party looking sad. Korra is a little annoyed. Fade to black and back to a view of Lin's police airship on the hangar bay.
Korra:  You two haven't spoken in thirty years? How come? 
Suyin: Ask her, I've tried.
Lin: Oh, don't put that on me.  You're the one who tore our family apart.
Suyin:  And you've done a bang up job keeping it that way.
Lin: You haven't changed one bit, have you?
Suyin: Look, we can stay here arguing about the past all day, but that's not reason the Avatar came here.  My daughter is thrilled to meet you.
Korra: Lin, your niece is the new airbender! Isn't that amazing?
Lin:  Yeah. Terrific.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a field with metal columns, where a metal disc ricochets between, with a player on each side.
Suyin: Those are my two youngest, Wei and Wing. They're playing a game called Power Disc. They invented it all on their own.
Wing shoots the disc to Wei, who redirects it, ricocheting it between multiple columns. Wei fires the disc back, ricocheting against a column. Wing leaps to intercept the disc, but fails to catch it, which slams onto a net.
Suyin: Oh, nice power, Wei.
Wei:  Ha! Wing goes down!
Suyin: I'm so proud of those two.  Huan, I'd like you to meet the Avatar and her friends. And your Aunt Lin.
Korra: Nice to meet you.
Huan:  Hey. 
Bolin: Wow, that's a really nice ... banana? Yes, very, very lifelike.
Huan:  It's not a banana! It was inspired by Harmonic Convergence; represents the dawning of a New Age.  Obviously.
Bolin: Oh, yeah, no, uh, I can, I can totally see that.  I can, oh, let me stand here. Yes, I can see that now. Yes. Thank you.  Banana.  I mean, that's a banana right?
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a view of a mountain and the camera pans down to the group walking toward a slightly younger teenaged lady reading a book on a bench.
Suyin: And this is my daughter, Opal.
Opal:  Wow, Avatar Korra.  I can't believe you're here. You are so amazing.
Korra: It's great to meet you, Opal.
Bolin: Opal. That's a beautiful name.
Opal:  Thanks.
Bolin: I'm Bolin. 
Opal: Opal.  But, uh, you already knew that.
Korra glances back and forth between the two with amused curiosity. Bolin looks off awkwardly while Lin storms toward them.
Lin: Great. We've found the airbender. Let's take her back to the airship and get out of here.
Suyin: And the woman apparently trying to abduct you is your aunt Lin.
Opal: Really? I've always wanted to meet you. My mom has told so many stories about you.
Lin:  I'm sure she has. 
Suyin: So I've set all of you up in the guesthouses while Korra trains Opal.
Korra: Oh, I'm sorry. But I was hoping she could train with the rest of the airbenders at the Northern Temple.
Opal: That sounds amazing.
Suyin: Nonsense. This is where Opal's home and family are. You can train her here.
Korra: I guess I could help her get started.
Lin: Absolutely not! We're leaving.
Korra: She's just a little worried because there's a bunch of crazy criminals after me.
Suyin: If you're concerned about security, don't be. This is the safest city in the world.  Now I'll see you all at dinner. And come hungry. My chef will blow the taste buds right out of your mouth.
Korra: Why do you have such a problem with your sister? She seems nice.  Come on, we can stay a little while. 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the garden, where Opal and Korra are standing.
Korra: Okay. Let's see what you've got.
Opal:  I'm not very good.
Korra: That's okay. I've never been a teacher before, so we're in the same boat.  You'd want to keep your elbows in, torso straight, feet just skimming the ground. Why don't you try it with me?
Opal follows Korra's movements and they circle each other. Soon, both bend out a stream of air which circles them, and they continue their movement.
Korra: Woah. You're a natural.
Opal: You really think so? Thanks.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to an overhead shot of the duo training, which fades to a shot of the airbending gates of Air Temple Island. A female airbender slams against the gates before tumbling out. She rubs her head as Meelo, Daw, Zaheer, and another male airbender look on.
Meelo:  You call yourself an airbender? Disgraceful!
Meelo sternly points to the gates, prompting Daw to run in with no greater success.
Meelo:  Be the leaf!
Daw: But, I don't even know what that means.
</scene>

<scene>
Zaheer calmly walks past them, causing the duo to look up curiously. He somersaults through the front panels and avoids every other gate. The rest of the group look on in surprise as Kya walks up to them. Cut to Zaheer who nimbly avoids the gates, before somersaulting through the final gates. Zaheer turns and clasps his hands in respect.
Meelo: Now, that man is a leaf.
Zaheer: A student is only  as good as his master.
Meelo bows respectfully back to Zaheer.
Kya: Great news! I just got a message from Tenzin. He's with a whole group of other airbenders at the Northern Temple and he wants all of you to join them.  We leave first thing in the morning.
Zaheer: And the Avatar is with him?
Kya:  No. Apparently she had to split off from Tenzin.
Zaheer:  That's unfortunate. I was really looking forward to meeting her.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut back to Zaofu at night, where the metal panels surrounding the city close. The scene changes to the dining area.
Chef: Tonight, for your dining pleasure, I present a seared wild Kyoshi elephant koi, paired with a ginger-infused pea tendril and hibiscus root salad.
Suyin: Stunning.
The chef bows before walking off, where he bows to Baatar as they cross paths.
Baatar:  Sorry, dear, I'm going to have to take dinner to my office. I just had a major breakthrough on the tram station remodel.
Suyin: Well, don't let me stand away an inspiration.
Baatar: You're the best!
Suyin:  That was my brilliant architect of a husband, Baatar, and our oldest son. He engineers all my husband's projects.
Lin: Five kids. What a nightmare.
Suyin: No, no. My children are a blessing.
Lin: Yeah, mom used to say that too, but she never meant it.
Bolin: Mmmm. I have to admit, I was pretty skeptical when he said "pea tendrils",  but this is delicious.
Opal:  I know, right. I don't think I've ever had a bad meal in my life.
Bolin: Oh. I had plenty when Mako and I were living in the streets.  I mean, you'd be surprised how bad food from a dumpster can be.
Opal: I'm sorry. I didn't know.
Bolin: No, no, it's okay, that's all in the past. Things are great now. I got to be a pro-bender, fought against a dangerous revolution, became a mover star, and now, I'm helping the Avatar rebuild a whole nation.
Opal:  Wow. Your life sounds so exciting.
Suyin: How's your search for the new airbenders going?
Korra: Honestly, not great. We had to rescue a whole group of them from the Earth Queen.
Suyin: Oh, she's horrible. She thinks she can just do whatever she wants.
Lin: Sounds familiar.
Suyin: What?
Lin: Nothing.
Suyin: I mean, the idea of even having a queen is so outdated. Don't you agree, Korra?
Korra: I ... I haven't really thought about it too much.
Suyin: Well, you should start. The world is evolving and the Earth Queen can evolve with it or step aside.
Lin:  Hey, everyone. My little sister is an expert on world affairs now.
Suyin: You want to talk about what's really bugging you? Because I'm right here!
</scene>

<scene>
Lin glares bitterly at her sister before turning away. Cut to Varrick and Zhu Li, who enter the hall.
Varrick: Sorry we're late, everyone.
Bolin:  Varrick!
Asami: What are you doing here?
Varrick: Great question, Asami. I mean, what are any of us doing here? Wow, food for thought. Any who, how's our company doing?
Asami: You mean my company. Future Industries reverted back to me after you plotted to abduct the President.
Varrick: Allegedly plotted to abduct the President. Never convicted.
Mako: Uh, that's because you escaped prison.
Varrick: No, the universe decided to set me free. So, I looked up my old friend Suyin here, pitched her a few ideas,  and bam! We're in business together.
Suyin: Varrick's heading up my new technology division.
Varrick:  I've seen the future, and the future is, magnets! I'm working on a high speed rail that would revolutionize transportation and shipping as we know it. But that's not all, I'm-
Lin:  All right, enough!  I'm trying to keep the Avatar safe and you're harboring a criminal?
Suyin: Ease out, Lin. Sure Varrick's made a few mistakes in his past, but that doesn't mean he should pay for it for the rest of his life. My chef was a pirate, but now he's a culinary master. People change.
Lin:  You haven't. 
Korra: Lin!
</scene>

<scene>
Lin exits the hall, firing her cable to slam the door. Cut to the bathroom, where Mako is styling his hair, while Bolin brushes his teeth.
Mako: So, you and Opal seemed to hit it off dinner. I think she's really into you.
Bolin: Yeah, I know. She's sweet and pretty and super nice. Too bad she's not my type.
Mako: Right, I forgot. Your type is dumb mover star or psycho ice princess.
Bolin:  You know, that really hurts a little bit. Right ...  here.  Maybe you're right, bro. Maybe Opal is Bolin material. Thanks.  Yeah!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Suyin's study, where Korra admires a model of Zaofu.
Suyin: You know, before I built this city, there was nothing here. I wanted to make my mark on the world.
Korra: It's amazing. Thank you for being so welcoming. And I'm sorry for how Lin's been acting. Can I ask what happened with you two?
Suyin: It's complicated. We didn't have a normal childhood. Neither of us knew our fathers and Toph was always busy being Chief of Police. Because mom grew up in such a strict household, she gave us all the freedom in the world, hoping we'd figure out our own paths.
Korra: That sounds like a good thing.
Suyin: And in a way it was. But we both ended up fighting for mom's attention. Lin followed in her footsteps and became a cop. I was ... more of a rebel. Mom wasn't too happy with how either of us turned out. When I was sixteen, I left home to explore the world.  I sailed the seas on a pirate ship, joined a traveling circus for a while, and lived in a sandbender commune in a desert. It took me a while, but, I finally realized what I was looking for was a family. So I bought this plot of land, found a brilliant architect who later became my husband, and created a place I could truly call home.
Korra: It sounds like you've created the perfect life here.
Suyin:  Almost. I've always wanted Lin to be a part of it, but I gave up hope long ago of her ever coming around.
</scene>

<scene>
Korra looks away sympathetically. Cut to a pavilion, where Opal is training her airbending.
Bolin:  Hey, lady. Wow, you really blowin' me away with your airbending.  Ahhh, woo-woosh, psst.
Opal: Why are you acting weird?
Bolin: Why are you acting weird?
Opal: I don't like how you're talking to me. 
Bolin:  Look, I'm sorry. I just get really self-conscious when I know when a girl likes me, and I-I end up looking stupid.
Opal: Who said I liked you?
Bolin: Oh no. But I though ... Mako said-
Opal: Just kidding. But, do me a favor and stop trying.  Look, don't stop trying. Just stop trying so much. Just be yourself.
Bolin: Huh. Be myself. Yeah, I guess I can give that a shot.
Bolin and Opal look at each other romantically. Korra clears her throat to make her presence known.
Opal: Oh, hey Korra.
Korra: Can I steal you away from Bolin for a minute? I need you help with something.
</scene>

<scene>
Opal walks off with Korra, bidding farewell to Bolin on the way. Cut to Air Temple Island, where Zaheer walks into Tenzin's study. He looks at a small shrine of an Air Nomad and takes the amulet, with a sculpting of Guru Laghima. He opens the amulet to read the inside inscription.
Zaheer: "Let go your earthly tether. Enter the void. Empty and become wind."
Ikki: What are you doing? No one's allowed in Daddy's study except Daddy.
Zaheer: I'm sorry. I couldn't sleep.
Ikki: What were you reading?
Zaheer: A poem by Guru Laghima, the wisest airbender who ever lived.
Kya:  Ikki, you should be in bed. C'mon.
Ikki: Night.
Zaheer: Good night.
Kya:  You seem to know a lot about airbender history for someone who just got airbending.
Zaheer: I've always admired the culture.
Kya: And you moved through those gates like a natural. Where did you say you were from?
Zaheer: A small village up north. You've probably never heard of it.
Kya: Wait.  Zaheer!
Kya bends the water in the fountain and directs it at Zaheer, who blasts it off with airbending. Kya bends the water around her and shoots ice projectiles at him. Zaheer takes a staff and smashes the ice projectiles. He leaps out through the window and opens the staff, preparing to escape. Kya leaps out with water tendrils on either arm.
Kya: I need some help!
Kya catches Zaheer with her tendrils, leaping down before slamming him to the fountain. She prepares to freeze him, though Zaheer managed to dodge the attack in the nick of time, having only his leg frozen, which he easily broke through. Kya bends the water into a wave and rides toward him, directing all the water to Zaheer, but he shields himself with airbending and blows her off. Zaheer prepares to grab his staff, but is blocked by a fire blast.
White Lotus sentry: Hold it right there!
The two sentries direct fire blasts at Zaheer, which he nimbly dodges. Zaheer pulls the staff with airbending, using the staff to block another blast before throwing a blast of air to slam the sentries against the roof of a pavilion. Kya, who has regained consciousness, bends the water to surround herself, before directing a strong blast toward Zaheer. Zaheer dodges the blast and sends a large air blast to Kya, slamming her against the wall, knocking her out.
Zaheer: Sorry, I won't be joining you at the Northern Air Temple. I'm afraid I have other plans.
</scene>

<scene>
Zaheer opens his staff and flies off. Cut to the streets of Zaofu before switching to a room where Lin, in her undershirt, is reading a newspaper.
Lin:  Who is it?
Korra: Hey, it's me. I brought someone who wants to talk to you. 
Lin: You want to talk? Then talk.
Opal: I'm sorry being here has been so hard for you. When you showed up, I was so excited to get to know you. I heard so many great things about you from mom and Grandma Toph. So, I guess I was kind of sad you didn't want to know me.  Believe me, I know my family can be a little crazy and overwhelming some times. But I would love it so much if you would be a part of it.
Lin: Get out.
Opal:  Sorry, did I say something wrong?
Lin:  Get out!
Opal tears up and runs away. Korra looks on helplessly and approaches Lin.
Korra: What's your problem? Don't get mad at Opal. I asked her to talk to you because I thought it would help you snap out of whatever funk you're in. But I guess I was wrong.
Lin: Why don't you focus on fixing the world, and stop trying to fix my family?
Korra: Su's right. You're never going to change. You're always gonna be a bitter, lonely woman.
</scene>

<scene>
Korra storms out of the room. Cut to Lin, with her hand on her face, as a tear runs down her cheek.
Fade to credits.
Main Asami Sato Bolin Korra Kya Lin Beifong Mako Opal Beifong Suyin Beifong Antagonists Zaheer: Minor Aiwei Baatar Baatar Jr. Chef Daw Huan Ikki Kuvira Meelo Naga Pabu Pema Poki Varrick Wei and Wing White Lotus sentries Zhu Li<scene>
Shiro Shinobi:  Republic City is a war zone! While Prince Wu led the remaining citizens to safety, Team Avatar battled Kuvira's giant mech, but no amount of bending could bring it down! In a last-ditch effort, Asami and her father outfitted the hummingbird suits with platinum cutters. Hiroshi helped Team Avatar infiltrate the mecha giant, but he paid the ultimate price! Is victory within reach for our heroes?
</scene>

<scene>
As the title card fades, the scene opens on Kuvira's immobilized mecha suit trapped in ice. The scene zooms onto the targeting glass. Inside the cockpit, an infuriated Kuvira tries to break the ice. As the mecha tries to free itself, blocks of ice fall to the ground and shatter. Kuvira bends the mecha suit's right arm and grabs a piece of a nearby building for additional support. Finally, all of the ice breaks, enabling the mecha to move freely. As it moves down the street, a flashing light and siren sound loudly within the cockpit of the mecha. Kuvira, knowing what it means, yells to the pilots.
Kuvira: Initiate lockdown! Find the Avatar and whoever else is with her.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the hole in the mecha suit's right knee. The alarm's flash can be seen and the siren heard.
Korra: We need to move fast. Su, Lin, climb up to the arm and try to disable that weapon. Mako, Bolin, get to the engine and see if you can power this thing down.  I'm going after Kuvira.
Suyin: Are you sure? When you fought Kuvira before ...
Korra: I know.  She almost destroyed me.  Not this time.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Mako and Bolin ascending the interior ladders while the Beifong siblings use their metal cables to launch themselves upward. Switch to a shot of the engine room, where the spirit vines are electrified and feeding power to the tank. Cut to a hatch which Bolin cuts open with a lava disc, allowing him and Mako to enter.
Mako: I'm going for that lever. You get the other one.
The brothers split, Bolin regenerating his lava disc. Mako confronts a guard.
Guard: Hey!
</scene>

<scene>
The guard shoots metal plates, which Mako dodges before throwing a fire blast at him. The guard shields himself with the metal plates. When he shoots more metal plates from his uniform, Mako tries to deflect with firebending, but his blast hits the spirit vine core, resulting in a small explosion, which throws the firebender into a pillar. He looks over to see Bolin blocking metal plates with the lava disc before turning to see more plates coming his own way. He dodges and kicks up fire before dodging additional attacks and shooting an additional arc of fire. Cut to Lin and Suyin continuing their ascent on their cables. They land on a small ramp and walk through the tunnel to see the cannon's operations. Close-up on them as metal plates are shot at them.
Lin:  I'll deal with this guy! Disable the weapon!
</scene>

<scene>
She jumps to the ground and confronts the guard. Using a metallic extension of her armor, she blocks additional plates and moves toward him. She shoots a metal cable but the guard jumps backward and fires a fragment of metal at her that he ripped off the wall, but Lin kicks it away. Cut to Suyin as she watches the weapon operate, seeing bullets loaded into metallic holes. She uses her bending to bring down the chain of holes and watches as they tumble downward. The vine cartridges hit the bottom of the arm and explode, sending a mass of expanding purple energy screaming upward; Suyin is forced to jump toward the tunnel's entrance and duck to avoid the blast. After the explosion passes, she gets back up and smirks, seeing the cannon has been disabled. Lin returns to the scene.
Lin:  Nice work.
Suyin: The outside may be platinum,  but we can do a lot of damage in here.
</scene>

<scene>
The siblings use their bending to begin collapsing the gears which control the suit. Cut to the cockpit.
Helmsman: The weapon's loading mechanism has malfunctioned. We're unable to fire.
Kuvira:  It's no malfunction.  I can feel someone metalbending inside the arm.  I've lost the connection! The weapon's useless now. 
</scene>

<scene>
The suit's right arm reaches for the left. As Kuvira bends, the right arm, after a moment, completely rends the unresponsive cannon arm from the side of the mecha. Cut to the Beifong siblings inside, slamming against the wall. Lin bends some of the metal to strap them down. As the scene cuts once again to the exterior, Kuvira throws the useless arm away and it crashes into a building. While the main body of the arm crashes straight to the ground, the cannon fractures from the arm and tumbles onward; a quick cut shows the cannon falling into the Spirit Wilds, where it vanishes from view. Zoom in on the other half at the base of the building, before focusing further in on the Beifongs, strapped in and unconscious. Switch to Kuvira in the cockpit, turning upon hearing a crash behind her. Zoom in on a hatch being pummeled from the other side by an unseen assailant; it gives out, flying through the air as the shot cuts to a view at Kuvira's back. As Korra emerges from the hatch, she immediately attacks with blasts of fire and air, knocking out the soldier; Korra lands and the Avatar and Kuvira begin to duel. She throws fire at the military leader, who dodges. She fires back with liquefied metal, which Korra manipulates and throws back at her, throwing her into the control panel. Kuvira quickly gets back up and charges, but Korra ducks. Kuvira turns and fires metal plates, but Korra dodges them. The metalbender shoots one of the radio speakers at the Avatar, who uses airbending to throw it out of danger. She bends an arc of fire at her foe, who jumps up and lands, bending the platform down, launching Korra into the air, who hits the roof and is locked in when Kuvira bends metal around her. The military leader bends the Avatar around the roof before throwing her into the control panel, smashing it. Just as Kuvira sets to attack again, Korra gets out of the way before being hit. She prepares to launch three metal fragments. Cut to the engine room as Mako and Bolin continue to duel against the guards with their firebending and lava disc, respectively. Mako dodges an attack and falls back to the wall as a large metal fragment is fired at him. He leans on the rail and throws fire back, knocking the guard down against the lever and throws him down again when he tries to recover. Mako reaches the lever.
Mako: I'm ready!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a close-up of Bolin pinned against a wall, trying to dodge attacks from his opponent while sustaining his lava disc.
Bolin: Be with you in one second! Kind of busy!  Okay, ready now!
</scene>

<scene>
Bolin makes his way to the lever. The scene changes to a split shot of the brothers looking at each other, their hands on the levers.
Mako: One ... two ... three!  Nothing's happening! 
Bolin: Kuvira must've done some override thing and taken control! 
Mako: There's got to be some other way to shut down power from here.
Bolin:  Ummm ... 
Mako: Come on. You spent all that time working with Varrick and Baatar Jr. Didn't any of their genius rub off on you?
Bolin:  Look, the only thing I know about these vines is that if you mess around with them too much,  they explode. 
Mako:  Get those engineers out of here. I have an idea.
Bolin:  Want to fill me in?
Mako: I'm gonna zap these vines with some electricity.
Bolin:  Let's back it up, okay?  I said that will make the vines explode.
Mako: Exactly. This is our only way of shutting this thing down.  I can handle it.
Bolin:  No! You can't! This isn't the time to prove how awesome you are. I already know how awesome you are  ... you're awesome.
Mako: I don't have time to argue!  I'm doing this, so get out of here!
Bolin:  Okay, but for the record,  I do not approve. Just,  get out as soon as you can.  Promise?
Mako:  Promise. 
Bolin: I love you.
Mako:  I love you, too. Now go!
</scene>

<scene>
Bolin runs off. The camera pans up the spirit vine core again before cutting back to a close-up of Mako, who takes his stance. Cut to Bolin as he hoists the engineers on his shoulders and returns to the hatch. He turns to see Mako generating lightning before stepping out of the shot. As Mako points two fingers at the ball, the charge crackling blue in the air around him, a bolt of lightning sparks at his fingertips and connects with the mass of vines. Arcs of purplish energy immediately spark off its surface; the arcs begin to detonate the walls of the room. Cut to Mako as his gaze is fixed on the surface of the mass, before cutting to behind him and panning up as the energy conduits above overload and detonate. The force of the blast sends Mako flying backward into the wall, but he sustains the lightning as he regains his stance, his gaze still fixed on his target. As the shot cuts once again to Mako's back, the entire mass flares with purple light and a surge comes off the vines that blasts him into the wall behind him. Another bright surge hits Mako around his arm, where it electrocutes and burns Mako, the sleeve of his uniform disintegrating and his skin turning a scalded red as an electric shockwave expands from his arm. He staggers, but manages to stay on his feet. Cut to a view of Mako with the empty hatch in the foreground; he makes his way toward it even as he maintains his assault on the mass of vines. As he draws near to the hatch, the mass sends another arc off its surface; it hits Mako directly in the chest and he immediately falls to the floor, his unconscious body half-draped over the hatch. A shot from above shows the mass of vines crackling and arcing angrily as Mako lies motionless below. Cut to an exterior view of the mecha, focused on the cockpit; blasts of flame flash from within as Korra and Kuvira duel. Cut to the interior. Staggering momentarily backward, Korra throws a blast of fire with a punch and dodges several metalbending attacks from Kuvira; they fly past her as Kuvira rotates into the frame. As soon as she does, Korra attacks her with airbending before sending a kick at Kuvira amplified by firebending. They miss as Kuvira dodges, spins around, her three orbs of metal floating next to her head, and sends multiple fragments of the metal at Korra. As Korra firebends at her from offscreen and Kuvira blocks the attack by reforming a shield with the metal from her orbs, the shot cuts to Korra as she stops firebending and jumps into the air, metalbending the shield down and kicking a gust of air at Kuvira, who tumbles backward and slams into the windows and control panel. Briefly staggered, she sends the shield at Korra, who ducks easily under it and physically attacks Kuvira, locking her legs around Kuvira's neck and flipping her over, throwing her backward onto the control platform, hitting the platform two times before rolling to a stop. Korra bends the metal beneath her, tossing her briefly limp form into the air. As Korra jumps into the air to land a crushing blow, the action becomes slow-motion and the shot cuts to Kuvira, now fully awake and seeing the oncoming Korra. As the shot cuts to a wide shot of both of them, still in slow-motion, Korra and Kuvira act simultaneously in midair, Korra airbending at Kuvira even as Kuvira bends a panel of the floor at Korra. The two blows land at the same time as the scene resumes normal time and both Korra and Kuvira are tossed away from each other by the combination of attacks, landing at opposite sides of the mecha's cockpit in clouds of dust and muffled yells. Cut to Mako, still unconscious far below the battle in the cockpit, the mass of vines growing ever more unstable. Rings of spirit energy spread outward on the roof of the room as Bolin climbs the ladder to the hatch, takes his brother over his shoulders, and jumps down to the landing below. The energy begins to seep out of the engine room as he lands; he keeps running even as the mass above sends arcs and beams of energy down through the ceiling above. As Bolin makes it to the ladder leading down toward the rest of the mecha, a massive explosion dismantles the ladder, sending it and them tumbling downward into the darkness below. Cut back to Korra and Kuvira; on the verge of landing another round of attacks, they are thrown off their feet as explosion rocks the floor beneath, purple light filling the windows on all sides. Cut to the exterior of the mecha as beams of energy blaze through the skin of the machine, shooting one-by-one in all directions and quickly becoming more and more numerous. A brilliant flash of light drowns the shot and promptly vanishes; a subtle crackle of suppressed energy crawls around the torso of the mecha before yielding to a ring of purple energy. With a massive blast of spirit energy set free, the mecha is torn by a devastating explosion, the top of its torso, now severed from its lower half, soaring through the air as the remaining usable arm, torn away, tumbles in the opposite direction. The scene cuts to Kora and Kuvira in the falling cockpit, holding desperately onto the railing around the control platform as debris flies past them toward the ceiling. As the shot cuts to the exterior once more, the cockpit section crashes into the street, raising a cloud of dust that suffuses the immediate area. As the dust settles, the upper section can be seen, motionless and useless, where it came to rest. A quick cut to Bolin and Mako, unconscious and lying side by side in the wreckage, is followed by a cut back to the outside as a blast of earthbending clears a path out of the cockpit. Korra helps Kuvira out of the ruined cockpit, its window shattered and its frames bent, and sets her down as Kuvira lets out a groan. Korra sits down, spent, next to her and addresses her.
Korra: It's over.  You're gonna call off your army  and surrender to President Raiko.  Then you and —
Catching Korra off guard, Kuvira bends a chunk of rock at her, catching her in the face and sending her flying across the pile of debris. She comes to a stop face down in the street; with a groan, she lifts her head and sees Kuvira escaping down the street, limping badly. After a quick glance behind her, Kuvira takes off down the street toward the Spirit Wilds in the distance, her arm braced across her body.
Korra: Stop!
</scene>

<scene>
Kuvira does not comply. After a moment, Korra angrily rises to her feet and gives chase. Cut to Kuvira rounding a corner at the entrance to the Wilds; she braces herself on the side of a building with her arm before falling to the ground with a groan. Rising to her feet once more, she continues into the forest, limping and holding her side. She pauses for a moment to catch her breath, holding herself up with a hand against a tree. She looks up as Korra's voice permeates the trees.
Korra:  Kuvira! Give up!
Kuvira:  Never.
</scene>

<scene>
She resumes walking, still limping. As she takes her free hand and pushes aside a curtain of vines, she gasps, beholding what lies beyond; her eyes narrow and her mouth curls into a sneer. Cut to Korra, walking through the forest as sunlight filters through gaps in the canopy above onto the vine-covered street.
Korra: Please, stop this madness! It has to end now!
As Korra jumps to the top of a root, Kuvira's voice echoes through the forest; she turns her head, trying to find its source.
Kuvira:  If you really want to end it, then come and get me!
</scene>

<scene>
Korra takes off in pursuit of the source of the sound. Ducking under a large, arch-like root and pushing through a clump of bushes, she comes upon a clearing and, looking up, gasps in horror. The shot cuts, sliding from the base to the open end of the massive spirit weapon's barrel, suspended in a cradle of vines where it fell from the discarded arm of the mecha. Its barrel is aimed directly at Korra, who stands motionless before it. Cut to Kuvira, holding to the side of the firing mechanism, holding the manual trigger handle in her left hand.
Kuvira: Now it's over.
Korra:  Don't!
</scene>

<scene>
Kuvira slides the trigger home and the shot once again slides down the barrel to the end, where the devastating purple beam builds within the barrel. In slow-motion, Korra abandons her attempt at reasoning and dives for safety as the barrel discharges, its beam colliding with the ground and throwing Korra aside after hitting the ground a few times. She comes to a stop and looks up. The beam has not stopped; it continues to pierce the ground, the ground flaming at the impact point. Cut to Kuvira, standing with one foot on the weapon and one foot on a vine. As the weapon continues to fire below, the vines around her begin to glow with the same purple light and she looks around at them as the shot cuts to a wide shot of the cannon. The force of the firing has propelled the cannon backward, away from the ground; now it twists around, wildly swinging in its cradle of vines as the beam follows. Cut to a shot of the city, the Spirit Wilds in the foreground, as the beam flies upward through the trees, slicing through buildings and detonating them, before cutting back to the uncontrollable cannon as Kuvira holds on to it. Cut to Korra.
Korra:  Shut it down!
Kuvira:  I can't!
</scene>

<scene>
A sudden shudder of the cannon throws Kuvira from its side; she yells as she tumbles to the ground, hitting it multiple times. Raising her head, she gasps, her expression morphing into horror as she beholds the barrel of her creation swinging around to aim at her, the beam still firing. As it bears down on her, Korra jumps in from the left, throwing herself between the beam and Kuvira. As Kuvira watches, terrified, Korra extends her hands before her, her eyes glowing as she enters the Avatar State. The beam of energy abruptly gives way, and a spherical mass of energy forms around the two, while smaller energy beams spray in all directions. Kuvira sits motionless, caught between wonder and terror as the purplish-white light courses around them. The shot moves behind them. As Korra continues to bend the beam, the orb of energy around them begins to expand, slowly at first, then exponentially. The two disappear when the orb glows bright white and flares into a massive size. The shot cuts to a wide shot of the Spirit Wilds and the central peninsula of Republic City itself as the glowing orb suddenly explodes into being, swallowing the city and drowning the light of the midday sun as it grows ever larger and a shockwave radiates outward at its base, clouds wrapping its top. As it expands through the streets, washing over the debris of the attack and the remains of the monstrous mecha, the shot shows Tenzin and his children taking shelter in a building as the threshold of the orb blazes past them, ash and dust pouring through the doorway. Cut to Asami as she rounds a corner and comes upon the orb; her eyes widen in shock, and she ducks into a underground tunnel as the orb washes over the street above and smoke envelops her as well. Cut to a wide shot as the orb reaches the height of its expansion. As the scene cuts to a street below, the rapid expansion of the cloud of dust and debris kicked up by the orb comes to a sudden standstill, the cloud hanging lazily in midair for a moment before reversing its direction and screaming back toward its source. The next events happen very quickly. A second of silence as the shot switches to an overhead view of the orb, it begins to collapse on itself, leaving circular clouds hanging in the sky and revealing a layer of vines covering the ground. The orb utterly implodes, crushing itself down to microscopic size as it sucks the clouds inward to itself, leaving only a golden pinpoint sitting at the center of a deep crater covered with vines. A brief flare of golden light flickers out and the world is bathed in a golden glow as a yellowish beam of energy erupts skyward, a beacon rising into the sky as Kuvira's army of mecha suits watches from the streets of the city. Within the beam rise two coiled ribbons of green and yellow, two helices spiraling upward into the sky above. Cut to its base, where a rotating orb shines greenish-yellow on the ground at the base of the beacon, followed by the debris of the mecha suit as Bolin and a semiconscious Mako open a hatch and emerge from the heart of the wreck. Bolin gasps as Mako turns his head toward it.
Bolin: Look!
</scene>

<scene>
As they stare in wonder at the beacon, the shot cuts to Tenzin and his children walking toward the spiraling light.
Tenzin:  A new spirit portal.
Fade to the rim of the crater, where a group of mecha tanks have gathered; a captain gives orders.
Mecha suit captain:  Spread out and find Kuvira!
</scene>

<scene>
As they disperse, the shot cuts to within the crater. Lin, Suyin, Varrick, and Zhu Li have climbed onto the remains of the enormous mecha, looking around. Cut to Asami and Tenzin; the shot pans left as Asami straightens up, Ikki and Meelo landing behind her.
Mako: Korra!
</scene>

<scene>
Tenzin, meanwhile, walks toward the smashed cockpit, where Mako stands as well. Mako steps inside the cockpit and the shot cuts to follow him. He peers up toward the wrecked control surface, where Jinora stands looking down at him. As the shot cuts to a close-up of her face, she shakes her head. Cut back to Mako as he turns to Tenzin.
Mako: Tenzin, there's no sign of her.
Tenzin: Keep looking! Korra!  Korra!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Korra, floating unconscious in spirit-form as her hair ruffles. After a moment, she opens her eyes and finds herself facing a red reflection of herself, a bluish boundary separating the two. As the two reflections regard each other, her red reflection fluctuates, morphing into an unconscious Kuvira. As Korra looks at her, the blue color around them starts to dissolve and Korra looks around at the world materializing around her as they lose their respective colors, returning to their normal forms. They slowly descend onto the landscape around the new spirit portal, a field of purple flowers and mangled-looking reddish trees; they are in the Spirit World. As they touch down, Kuvira groans and topples. Korra catches her and holds the unconscious woman in her arms. When Kuvira comes to, she realizes who is holding her and lets out a panicked cry, before scrambling away, pushing Korra over. On her feet, Kuvira looks around at the new environment. The scene cuts to a wide shot. Kuvira, disoriented, climbs to her feet.
Kuvira: What happened? Are we ... dead?
Korra:  No, we're okay, but we're in the Spirit World.  All the energy from your weapon tore open a new portal and blasted us in here.
Kuvira:  Why would you save my life, after everything I did to you?
Korra:  I guess ... I see a lot of myself in you.
Kuvira:  We are nothing alike!
Korra:  Yes, we are. We're both fierce and determined to succeed,  sometimes without thinking things through.
Kuvira: This wasn't how I wanted things to end.  If you would have all just surrendered,  none of this would have happened.
Korra:  You brought this on yourself. Messing with the spirit vines, acting like a dictator over your people ... you had to know what you were doing wasn't right.
Kuvira:  I was trying to help my people. Su turned her back on the Earth Kingdom, you were gone! I had to do something.
The shot switches to a view of the back left side of Kuvira's head and the upper body of the Avatar.
Korra:  I think I get it now.
Kuvira:  You don't understand anything about me.
Korra: I do.  Su told me how she took you in when you were younger.  It must have been so hard being an orphan.
Kuvira:  Don't pretend you know what it felt like!  The Avatar is adored by millions! I was cast aside by my own parents like I meant nothing to them.  How could I just stand by  and watch the same thing happen to my nation, when it needed someone to guide it?
Korra:  You wanted to create a place where you and your people would never be vulnerable again.  I may not have been an orphan, but believe me, I understand what it feels like to be afraid.  After I was poisoned, I would have done anything to feel in control.
</scene>

<scene>
The look on Kuvira's face softens. Cut to the physical world, where all sorts of spirits fly out of the portal and reappear on the rim of the crater.
Tenzin: The spirits have returned.
Asami:  And so has Korra! 
Bolin:  You're okay!
Mecha suit captain:  Release Kuvira, or we will attack! 
Kuvira:  Stand down. This battle is over. I owe the Avatar my life.  Her power is beyond anything I could ever hope to achieve.  I'll accept whatever punishment the world sees fit.
The mecha suits all stand down and Kuvira is handcuffed by Lin.
Kuvira:  And Su, I'm sorry for all the anguish I've caused you and your family.
Suyin: You're going to answer for everything you've done.
</scene>

<scene>
Lin and Suyin take Kuvira away, while everyone else hugs Korra. The shot cuts to a wider shot of the crater. With the spirits flying happily ahead.
Bolin:  And though the battle took a severe toll on our beloved city, out of the destruction, love did bloom!  So that is why, dearest friends and family, we gather today to celebrate the wondrous, and at time inexplicable bond between Sir Varrick and the Lady Zhu Li!
Varrick:  Hey, pal, camera on me! This is my big day! 
Bolin: True love is a fickle creature.  Difficult to find, nearly impossible to tame.  But Varrick and Zhu Li have proven that even the longest of long shots  can have a chance at happiness together. Now, for the vows!  Thank you, Master Pabu. Do you, Sir Iknik Blackstone Varrick of the Southern Water Tribe, Master of the High Seas, take the Lady Zhu Li Moon to be your lawfully wedded wife? Will you promise to treat her not as your assistant, but as your honored and cherished partner?
Varrick: You're darn tootin' I do!
Bolin: And do you, Zhu Li, take Varrick, to be your lawfully wedded husband? Do you promise to care for him, in sickness and in health,  and also scrub his callouses on a bi-weekly basis, which ... isn't really that much to ask ...  Okay, I'm not reading all this.
Zhu Li:  I do take Varrick. Callouses and all.
Bolin: You may now  do the thing.
</scene>

<scene>
Varrick and Zhu Li kiss, while the crowd applauds. Cut back to Varrick and Zhu Li, when Varrick begins to cry.
Zhu Li: Are you all right?
Varrick: You just make me so dang happy!
</scene>

<scene>
He wipes his tears away and pulls a remote from his pocket. Pressing the button, a bunch of fireworks is set off, which is shown in a far shot of the Air Temple Island courtyard. The scene fades to later that night, when the people have shifted from in front of the makeshift altar to a dance floor with tables in front of it. Tahno, Lu, Gang, the council page, and the White Falls Wolfbats provide the music. Varrick is dancing with Zhu Li, while Ikki is dancing with a reluctant Huan. Opal drags Bolin onto the dance floor as well. Lin takes some food from a waiter, while Pema chases Rohan. Pan to Mako and Wu.
Mako: My cousin told me how level-headed you were during the whole evacuation. I got to admit, I'm impressed. I think you're going to make a great leader.  But that doesn't mean I'm gonna set you up with Korra, so don't ask.
Wu:  That's okay, Mako. Sometimes, a good evacuation is its own reward. 
Korra: Good to see you, Prince Wu. Or should I say, King Wu? You ready to get back to Ba Sing Se and finally take the throne?
Wu: Yeah  ... about that  ... I was actually thinking of stepping down as king and getting rid of the monarchy all together. 
Mako:  Are ... you joking?
Wu: For once,  I'm not. Now I know what you're gonna say, I'm being lazy, I'm afraid of responsibility, I'm putting my singing career before my people, but it's none of those things. I really think the Earth Kingdom would be better off if the states were independent and had elected leaders, like the United Republic.
Mako:  That's ... actually pretty wise and mature of you.
Korra: I think it's a great idea. The Earth Kingdom should evolve, and I'll do everything in my power to help you make that happen.
Wu:  Looking forward to working with you. But for now, the dance floor calls. 
Korra:  How's the arm?
Mako: Much better.
Korra:  The words "thank you" don't feel big enough for what you did. But I honestly don't know what else to say.
Mako:  You don't need to say anything. I want you to know, I'll follow you into battle, no matter how crazy things get. I've got your back  ... and I always will .
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the decorated gate at the entrance to the island, where Korra is leaning against it alone, looking at the city across the water as the portal rises into the sky beyond. Tenzin walks up to Korra.
Tenzin: I spoke to President Raiko.  Tomorrow, he's announcing a plan to expand the city, rather than rebuild downtown.
Korra:  I bet Aang never could have imagined there'd be a spirit portal right in the heart of Republic City.
Tenzin:  Korra, you've transformed the world more in a few years than most Avatars did during their lifetimes.
Korra:  But I feel like I've only just begun.  There's so much more I want to learn and do.
Tenzin:  You don't know how happy I am to hear you so full of hope again.
Korra:  It's been a bit of a bumpy ride, huh?
Tenzin: I've come to realize life is one, big, bumpy ride.
Korra:  I know I was in a pretty dark place after I was poisoned. But I finally understand why I had to go through all that. I needed to understand what true suffering was so I could be more compassionate to others, even to people like Kuvira.
Tenzin puts a reassuring hand on Korra's shoulder. Korra puts her hand on his and comes to peace.
Asami:  Excuse me Tenzin, Varrick is looking for you. Something about wanting to borrow a glidersuit to fly off the tower?
Tenzin:  That doesn't seem like a good idea!
Korra:  Wanna sit with me for a minute? I'm not ready to get back to the party just yet.  I don't think I ever really apologized.
Asami:  For what?
Korra: For being gone all that time. For not coming back sooner. 
Asami:  You don't need to apologize for anything.  I'm just so happy you're here now.  I don't think I could have handled losing you and my father in the same day. 
Korra: I am so sorry for what happened. 
Asami:  Thank you. I'm just glad I was able to forgive him. 
Korra:  So, what now? Back to the dance floor?
Asami: I'm kind of all danced out. Honestly, after everything that's happened the past few months, I could use a vacation.
Korra:  Let's do it! Let's go on a vacation, just the two of us. Anywhere you want.
Asami:  Really? Okay ... I've always wanted to see what the Spirit World's like.
Korra: Sounds perfect.
</scene>

<scene>
Fade to the base of the new spirit portal, where Korra and Asami walk up to it. Both are back in their normal attire, carrying a backpack. Stopping for a moment a few meters short of the portal, they turn their heads and smile at each other. The shot cuts to behind and between them as they join hands and walk into the portal, where they turn to face each other closely, gazing into each other's eyes. The camera pans up into the portal's beam of light as the Chinese characters "The End" appear on screen.
Roll credits.
Main Asami Sato Bolin Korra Lin Beifong Mako Suyin Beifong Antagonists Kuvira Military of the Earth Empire: Minor Baatar Buttercup Raiko Council page Ginger Huan Ikki Jinora Lu and Gang Meelo Ming Naga Opal Beifong Pabu Pema Raiko Rohan Senna Shaozu Tahno Tenzin Tonraq Varrick Wei and Wing Wu Zhu Li<scene>
Shiro Shinobi:  The Avatar has been abducted! After Tarrlok arrested her friends, Korra confronted the councilman in his chambers. But the heated argument quickly turned into an all-out bending battle! Desperate to save himself, Tarrlok revealed his ability to bloodbend and took Korra far from Republic City. Will the Avatar's friends find her before it's too late?
The episode opens by showing a basement room with a metal box in the center and a dark staircase are also seen. A door at the top of the stairs opens and Tarrlok steps in, using bloodbending to levitate Korra several inches off the ground in front of him. Korra groans as he levitates her down the stairs and into the box.
Korra:  What are you doing?  Tarrlok!  You can't keep me in here forever!
</scene>

<scene>
Tarrlok steps outside and gets back into his vehicle. He drives away, revealing that Korra's prison is in a remote location in the middle of snowy mountains. Cut to Air Temple Island at dawn as a telephone rings. Tenzin and Pema are asleep in bed with Meelo between them. Meelo sits up, rubs his eyes, and crawls over his father's face to answer the phone, waking him up in the process.
Meelo:  Who is this? It's six in the morning! This better be important!
Tenzin:  Councilman Tenzin here.  What?!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a photographer taking a photo of the damages in City Hall. Tenzin arrives, while the camera, through the lens of a photo camera, zooms in on an electrified glove and several Equalists weapons. Cut to Tarrlok, who is having his arm wound healed by a male healer.
Tenzin: What happened?  What was Korra doing at City Hall?
Tarrlok: As I told Chief Saikhan,  Korra came to my office late last night. She was upset that I arrested her friends. She asked me to release them and ... that's when the Equalists attacked.  I tried to protect Korra, but we were outnumbered.  Then, I was electrocuted.  When I came to, the police had arrived. But Korra was gone.  I'm so sorry.  Chief Saikhan, mobilize the entire police force. We have to find the Avatar.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Lin Beifong lying in bed, listening to the radio.
Radio:  We interrupt your regularly scheduled broadcast to bring you this special report. Late last night, Equalists attacked City Hall,  subduing Councilman Tarrlok and capturing Avatar Korra. Details are still coming in, b-
</scene>

<scene>
Lin switches off the radio. She gets slowly out of bed, pausing for a moment to groan and hold her arm. She crosses to a cupboard and opens it, looking at her Metalbending Police uniform arranged inside. She stands in her underclothes with her back to the cupboard and metalbends her uniform onto her body. She glances down at the police insignia on her chest and tears it off, before putting on a long coat. Cut to the Toph statue in front of police headquarters, before cutting to Asami lying on her back on a cot in her cell. She sits up as Lin metalbends the door off its hinges and tosses it away.
Lin: Hope you got enough beauty rest. Come on, I'm busting you out.
Asami:  Thanks. I owe you.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to close-up on Bolin's face. Mako and Bolin are standing in their cell. Mako has his back to Bolin, who is attempting to pee in a toilet in the corner of the room.
Mako: Are you done yet?
Bolin: Cover your ears! I can't go with you listening.
Mako sighs and covers his ears. He glances up as the cell door is metalbent off its hinges.
Mako: Asami! 
Bolin: Ahh!  A little privacy, please!
Mako:  Are you all right?
Asami: I'm fine! It's so good to see you.
Lin: Hate to break up your lovers' reunion, but Korra's in trouble. Amon captured her.
Mako:  No. No, she can't be gone!
Lin: Come on, we have an Avatar to rescue.
The three teens run from inside the cell. There is a zipping noise and Bolin stops, squeaks, and blushes.
Lin:  Your fly was down.
Bolin:  Thanks for catching that.
Shot of Korra's mountain prison, before cutting to the box in the basement. Korra is throwing herself against the sides of the box, kicking, and pounding trying to break herself out by sheer force.
Korra:  Somebody! Help! Please!  Please. 
Tenzin: I urge you to meditate on these visions. I believe Aang's spirit is trying to tell you something.
Korra inhales and assumes a meditative pose. Flashback of Aang's experiences. He is standing in a street and turns around as he hears multiple booted footsteps behind him.
Toph:  What are you doing here, Aang?  I told you, I have this under control.
Aang:  Under normal circumstances, I wouldn't get involved, but if what those victims said is true, we're not dealing with a normal criminal.
Toph:  Fine. Follow me, Twinkle Toes.
Aang:  Toph, I'm forty years old. You think you could stop with the nicknames?
Toph:  'Fraid not. 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to an aerial shot as the group approaches a table in Kwong's Cuisine, where a man is eating.
Toph:  It's over! You're under arrest, Yakone!
Yakone:  What is Republic City coming to? Used to be, a man could enjoy his lunch in peace.  What's the big idea?
Aang: We have dozens of witnesses, Yakone. We know what you are.
Toph:  Take him away.
Yakone:  I've beaten every trumped-up charge you yahoos have brought against me!  And I'll beat this one, too.
Close-up on Aang's serious face, which changes to Korra's face as the flashback ends.
Korra:  Whoa.  I finally connected with you, Aang.  But, what are you trying to tell me?  A way out of this box would be nice. 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Lin, Mako, Bolin, and Asami walking into Tenzin's office. Tenzin is on the phone.
Tenzin:  I have to go. Call me back the minute you hear anything.  Lin? Wh-wh-what are y- What are y- You should be in the hospital! And you three!  You should be in prison!
Lin: I figured you could use our help finding Korra.
Mako:  Do you have any leads?
Tenzin: I've been on the phone all morning, but nothing yet.
Mako:  We need Naga! She can track Korra.
Tenzin: I'm afraid her polar bear dog is missing as well.
Bolin: Then where do we start?
Lin: My guess is the Equalists are hiding underground in the maze of tunnels beneath the city.
Asami:  Underground ... just like my father's secret factory. Figures.
Bolin:  Yeah! Yeah, that makes sense! When those chi blockers had me in their truck, it sounded like we drove into a tunnel!
Mako: I know where to start looking! Come on! 
Lin:  Wherever Amon is keeping Korra, I bet that's where my officers are too.
Tenzin: Let's bring them all home, Lin.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to shot of downtown Republic City, as the group flies in on Oogi. They land in a deserted street and dismount off Oogi.
Mako:  The truck with Bolin took off down this alley. 
Asami: Which way?
Bolin: Hmm. This way kinda ...  smells familiar.
Lin metalbends the sole of her shoe back and uses seismic sense to test the ground.
Lin: There's a tunnel nearby. 
Mako:  There!
Lin:  Motorcycle tracks.
Mako: Korra has to be in there ... somewhere.
</scene>

<scene>
Lin metalbends the gate open. Cut to the group walking into an intersection of tunnels. Mako uses firebending to light the way.
Mako: Let's try this way.
Asami: And what if Korra's not down there?
Mako:  Then we pick another tunnel until we find her! 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the group walking down the tunnel. Asami has dropped back, placing herself so that she is next to Bolin.
Asami: Hey, is Mako all right? He seems really worried about Korra.
Bolin:  Yeah, we all are!
Asami: I know, but, he's your brother. Do you think that he likes Korra as more than just a friend?
Bolin:  W-What? No! That's, just gossip, where'd you hear that?  Crazy talk is coming out of your mouth right now. Heh ...
Asami:  What do you know, Bolin? Come on, spill it.
Bolin: Nothing! I mean, there was this one time during the tournament when Mako and Korra kissed, but-
Asami:  They ... kissed? 
Bolin: Believe me, I was upset too, but, I'm over it. I don't think it meant anything.
Asami:  I doubt that. 
Lin: Hide!
The five duck behind a pillar as the Equalist motorcycles approach. One Equalist flips a switch on his motorcycle dash that in turn opens a secret door in the opposite wall of the tunnel. The two motorcycles race inside and the door promptly closes. Lin makes a face and crosses the tunnel, followed by the others. She runs her hand across the door and uses metalbending to trigger the opening mechanism and force the door up. The group rushes in and the door closes behind them. They approach a large open space, where Equalists are loading supplies onto tram carts on tracks that lead into various tunnels. An Equalist with a clipboard is directing loading and traffic.
Equalist traffic director: That tram goes to the training camp. 
Female Equalist: Everything was delivered to the prison, sir. 
Tenzin:  That's where they must be keeping Korra.
Lin: We need to get down that tunnel.
Lin signals the group with her hand and they all run toward the tram and jump in. The tram starts to move down the tunnel. At the tunnel's exit, two Equalists are waiting for the tram. A light flashes and an alarm sounds to signal the tram's arrival. It coasts to a stop with nothing inside.
Equalist: It's empty!
Equalist:  Yeah, I can see that.
From inside the tunnel, Lin uses her metalbending cables to grab the two Equalists and drag them inside. The two Equalists are shown tied up next to each other.
Lin:  You two, keep an eye on them.
Lin uses her seismic sense to search the prison.
Lin: My officers are inside.
Mako:  What about Korra?
Lin: I don't see her yet.
Mako, Lin, and Tenzin head off down the corridor. They turn the corner and see two Equalists, who prepare to attack them. Tenzin uses his airbending to knock them against a wall. Mako runs toward them and grabs one of them, removing his mask.
Mako:  Avatar Korra. Where are you keeping her?
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Lin peering into the prison cell, where her metalbending officers are being kept. She metalbends the bars apart and walks in.
Officer:  Chief Beifong?
Lin: I'm too late. That monster already took your bending, didn't he?
The officer nods his head. Lin looks down sadly.
Lin:  I'm so sorry.  Come on, let's gets you out of here.
</scene>

<scene>
All the officers get up and follow Lin out of the cell. Cut to Mako, who has pinned the Equalist against a wall.
Mako:  I'll ask you one more time;  where is she?
Equalist:  We don't have the Avatar, and the Equalists didn't attack City Hall. Tarrlok's lying.
Mako:  What?
Lin walks up.
Lin: I scanned the entire prison. Korra's not here.
Mako:  Why would Tarrlok make up a story about getting attacked?
Tenzin: Because he has Korra. He fooled us all!
A siren starts sounds and the group runs back to where Bolin and Asami are standing guard.
Bolin: Let's go, people!
Everyone gets into the tram, which takes off. Equalists in another tram start to catch up from behind. Bolin uses his earthbending to collapse the tunnel sides, causing the tram to crash in the rubble.
Bolin:  Try to chi block that, fools!
Lin, at the front of the tram, notices an army of Equalists waiting up ahead. Among them is the Lieutenant and several mecha tanks.
Lin: We've got more company!  Hang on!
</scene>

<scene>
The tram climbs the rail as Lin earthbends a hole in the ceiling. The tram flies through the gap and lands on the ground of the tunnel above. Everyone groans as Lin makes another hole on the ceiling and daylight streams in. Cut to the mountains, where Tarrlok is keeping Korra. Cut to Korra meditating in the metal box. Flashback to Aang's memory of Yakone's trial.
Prosecution attorney: Yakone has ruled Republic City's criminal empire for years. Yet he has always managed to stay out of the law's reach, until now. You will hear testimony, from dozens of his victims, and they will tell you, Yakone has maintained his grip on the underworld by using an ability that has been illegal for decades.  Bloodbending. 
Defense attorney: The prosecution's entire case is built upon the make-believe notion that my client is able to bloodbend at will, at any time on any day. I remind the council that bloodbending is an incredibly rare skill and it can only be performed during a full moon.  Yet, the witnesses will claim that my client used bloodbending at every other time except during a full moon. It would be a mockery of justice to convict a man of a crime that is impossible to commit.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Aang before cutting back to Korra, who continues to meditate. Cut back to flashback as the United Republic Council returns from their deliberations and takes their seats.
Bailiff: Councilman Sokka will now deliver the verdict.
Sokka: In my years, I have encountered people born with rare and unique bending abilities. Why, I once bested a man with my trusty boomerang who was able to firebend with his mind.  Why, even metalbending was considered impossible for all of history until our esteemed Chief of Police,  Toph Beifong, singlehandedly developed the skill. The overwhelming amount of testimony and evidence has convinced this council that Yakone is one of these unique benders and he exploited his ability to commit these heinous crimes. We find Yakone guilty of all charges and sentence him to life in prison.
</scene>

<scene>
Sokka pounds his gavel to seal the decision. The defense attorney crumples up a paper, throws it, and slams his fist on the table in annoyance. He looks toward his client as Yakone slowly stands up, grinning. Close-up of Yakone, as his eyes begin to suddenly bulge. Sokka cries out in pain as his body is contorted and after a moment, the other councilmen cry out as well. Cut to Toph Beifong, who is briefly shocked before trying to stop Yakone by metalbending her cables at him. Yakone rolls his eyes at her, incapacitating her immediately. He laughs as he turns and sees the entire room under his control. Aang struggles as he reaches out his hand to Yakone. Cut to Korra breathing deeply and raggedly with her eyes closed. Cut to City Hall, followed by the council chamber, as Tenzin's group approaches the council members and Chief Saikhan.
Tenzin: Thank you all for meeting us on such short notice.
Lin:  Chief.
Saikhan:  Lin.
Tarrlok:  Have you news of Avatar Korra?
Tenzin: We do.  You kidnapped her, Tarrlok!
Tarrlok:  I am shocked you would accuse me of such an evil act! I already explained: Equalists attacked us and took her!
Tenzin: But there were no chi blockers here last night.  You planted the evidence, didn't you?
Tarrlok:  That is a ridiculous accusation!
Council page:  It's true! He took her! I was here when Avatar Korra arrived last night, but Councilman Tarrlok ordered me to leave. I was on my way out when I saw Tarrlok bring her down to the garage.
Flashback to Tarrlok kidnapping Korra, throwing her into the back of his automobile.
Tarrlok: Say goodbye to Republic City, Avatar Korra. You'll never see it again.
Tarrlok leaps back and shields himself from a burst of flame, slamming the door as Korra screams in frustration. The page watches from behind a pillar as Tarrlok drives off. End of flashback.
Tarrlok:  That is nonsense!  Everyone knows you're nothing but a squeaky-voiced liar!
Lin:  Why did you wait until now to 'fess up?
Council page:  I was terrified to tell because ...  Because Tarrlok is a bloodbender!  He bloodbent Avatar Korra!
Tenzin:  Don't make this worse for yourself.  Tell us where you have Korra.
</scene>

<scene>
Lin also takes her stance and both prepare to attack. Tarrlok's eyes bulge as Tenzin and Lin both bend at him, but he has control of their bodies before they can hit him. Everyone in the room cries out in pain as Tarrlok bloodbends them to their knees. Tarrlok continues to bloodbend until one by one, everyone falls unconscious. Tarrlok backs away and flees the scene. Cut to an unconscious Tenzin as Lin walks up to him.
Lin: Wake up!
Lin slaps Tenzin across the face, waking him fully. Mako helps Asami up as Bolin wakes up and moves around.
Bolin:  Ughh! Man! I had this awful dream that Korra was taken by this evil bloodbender.  So weird.
Asami: Bolin, that really happened. He knocked us out.
Bolin:  Are you serious?  Where is he? Is he here right now?
Saikhan: Tarrlok is long gone. I'll alert the whole force. 
Lin: We've only been out for a little while. Maybe we can still pick up Tarrlok's trail.
Tenzin: It could lead us to Korra! Let's go. 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Korra meditating in the box. Flashback into Aang's memories. Aang is being bloodbent by Yakone, who is grinning in relish at his own power. Cut to Sokka's face, followed by Toph's, as Yakone makes her grab a ring of keys from her deputy's belt and float over to him. He forces Toph to unlock his cuffs, which bounce to the ground. He flexes his wrists, and raises his hands to bloodbend everyone into unconsciousness. He turns to see that Aang is still awake and levitates him high into the air.
Aang:  Yakone.  You won't get away with this!
Yakone:  Republic City's mine, Avatar. I'll be back one day to claim it.
Yakone bloodbends Aang into the steps of the dais, knocking him out, before running outside. He leaps into a cart pulled by an ostrich horse and dashes off. Meanwhile, Aang regains consciousness as his eyes and tattoos glow briefly. He bursts out of City Hall on a large air scooter and quickly catches Yakone, who looks up and gasps. Aang sends a blade of wind to sever the ostrich horse's harness from the cart, which flips onto its side and slides to a halt. Aang coasts in front of the cart and waits for a moment. Yakone bursts out of the side door and bloodbends him to the ground.
Yakone: This time I'm gonna put you to sleep for good!
Aang groans in pain as Yakone levitates him into the air and begins contorting his body to painful and near death positions. Suddenly, his eyes and tattoos glow once again and the bloodbending immediately has no effect on him. He earthbends a cone of rock around Yakone's body, immobilizing him completely, and places his thumbs on Yakone's forehead and chest as he struggles.
Aang: I'm taking away your bending, for good.  It's over.
Korra:  Aang ... this whole time ... you were trying to warn me about Tarrlok. 
Tarrlok:  My life is a disaster now, thanks to you.
Korra: So your little bloodbending secret's out?  And I know how you bloodbent me without a full moon.  You're Yakone's son.
Tarrlok:  I was his son, but in order to win Republic City, I had to become someone else. My father failed because he tried to rule the city from its rotten underbelly. My plan was perfect. I was to be the city's savior. But you, you ruined everything!
Korra: Tarrlok, the jig is up and you have nowhere to go.
Tarrlok: Oh no. No, I'll escape and start a new life. And you're coming as my hostage.
Korra:  You'll never get away with this!
Tarrlok walks to the top of the steps and gasps when he sees Amon, the Lieutenant, and several chi blockers waiting for him.
Tarrlok:  Amon!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Korra in her box, who gasps.
Amon: It is time for you to be equalized. 
Tarrlok: You fool! You've never faced bending like mine.
Tarrlok begins bloodbending the group. The other Equalists all crumple and fall to the ground, but Amon seems unaffected and with minor struggle, begins walking forward. Tarrlok gasps and redoubles his efforts. Amon is halted for a moment, but with a very great effort he moves one foot forward and continues walking normally. Tarrlok begins backing up in horror.
Tarrlok:  What? What are you?
Amon: I am the solution.
</scene>

<scene>
Amon reaches out and grabs Tarrlok's arm, twisting him around until he is standing behind him. He jabs his right hand at the base of Tarrlok's neck, who groans at that, and moves his left hand toward his forehead as Tarrlok watches in horror. Cut to Korra sitting in her box, who hears Tarrlok's scream of anguish as his bending is removed. She looks up toward the ceiling, and the camera pans up a floor as he collapses to the ground with wide open eyes. The Equalists all groan and stand up as Amon lifts Tarrlok's limp body onto his shoulders.
Amon: I'll take care of him. You four retrieve the Avatar. Do not underestimate her. Electrocute the box to knock her out before you open it. 
Lieutenant: My pleasure.
Korra gazes at the bars in the top of the box as she hears the Equalists' footsteps descending the stairs. She glances down and fingers one of the bands on her forearm.
Lieutenant:  It's payback time. 
From inside, Korra fakes cries of pain as electricity courses through the box. She has removed one of her armbands and wrapped it over a bar in the roof. She is hanging from it so that she is insulated from the electricity and not harmed. The hanging bulb above the box shatters and the Lieutenant steps back.
Lieutenant:  Open the box.  Tie her up.
</scene>

<scene>
Korra firebends a large burst of flame from her foot, forcing the Equalists back as she leaps out of the box. The Equalists fling their bolas at her, but she dodges and earthbends a giant wave to send them flying. Cut to Amon putting Tarrlok in his truck, as Korra bursts out of the house. They lock eyes for a moment before Korra bends snow into spears of ice and hurls them at Amon. He dodges, giving her enough time to run away and jump off a steep slope of the mountain. The Equalists run up to Amon.
Amon:  I thought I told you not to underestimate her.
Korra looks behind, as she uses waterbending to snowboard down the mountain. She trips over a tree root and flies into the air, landing hard against a tree. Snow lands on her and she groans before losing consciousness. Sometime later, Naga appears and runs up to Korra. She licks Korra's face, waking her up.
Korra: Naga. You came looking for me.  Good girl.
</scene>

<scene>
She hugs Naga. Cut to Korra lying slumped across Naga's back as they walk back to Republic City. Cut to Tenzin, Lin, Mako, Bolin, and Asami flying above the city on Oogi as they hear a howl.
Mako: That sounds like Naga!  Down there!
Korra moans slightly as the bison lands and the group dismounts. Tenzin and Lin run up to her.
Tenzin: Korra! Oh, thank goodness.
Lin: Where's Tarrlok? How did you get away?
Mako:  Give her some space!  I was so worried. Are you all right?
Korra: I'm fine. I'm glad you're here. 
Mako carries Korra to the bison's saddle and sets her gently down, brushing her hair back from her face.
Mako:  You're safe now.
</scene>

<scene>
Korra looks at him before falling asleep. Cut to everyone standing in the street.
Fades to credits.
Main Asami Sato Bolin Korra Lin Beifong Mako Tenzin Antagonists Amon Equalists Lieutenant Tarrlok Yakone (vision): Minor Aang (flashback only) Bailiff (flashback only) Council page Defense attorney (flashback only) Meelo Metalbender officer Metalbending Police Force Naga Oogi Pema Prosecution attorney (flashback only) Saikhan Sokka (flashback only) Toph (flashback only)<scene>
Shiro Shinobi:  Lin Beifong has a sister. After arriving in Zaofu, Korra met Opal, a new airbender whose mother is Lin's estranged half-sister. Suyin and her daughter welcomed Lin with open arms, but she wanted nothing to do with them. Meanwhile, Zaheer infiltrated Air Temple Island, looking for the Avatar. After battling with Kya, he escaped and is now a wanted man in Republic City.
</scene>

<scene>
The scene opens with a morning view of Zaofu. The metal dome covering Zaofu opens. Team Avatar and Suyin's family are sitting at the table for breakfast.
Mako: Hey, has anyone seen Chief Beifong?
Korra: I think she's still sulking in her room.
Suyin: I know she has a problem with me, but she had no right to yell at Opal last night.  All set for your power disc game, guys?
Wing:  Yeah, all set to kick Wei's butt. 
Wei: I wanna power disc your face.  You should go play with us.
Korra: Um. I don't think I'd be much competition, since I can't metalbend.
Suyin: Really. Lin never offered to train you?
Korra: Nope. And I guessed I never thought to bring it up because I was learning to airbend, then there was the pro-bending, then I got tied up fighting Equalists. It was a busy few months.
Suyin: Well, it's probably for the best. I'm sure Lin would be a horrible teacher.  As the Avatar, you should have mastery over all the elements. I'd be happy to show you the basics.
Korra: Really? That would be great!
Opal:  You should try it, too.
Bolin:  Uh, nah. I'm more of an earth guy. The dirt, rocks; y'know, maybe some light gravel. That's kinda where my heart is.
Suyin: Okay, Earth Guy. Well, let me know if you change your mind.
</scene>

<scene>
Suyin's necklace begins to be pulled off. Cut to the table, where the cutlery begin shaking and being pulled away, causing everyone with duck for cover. Cut to a suit, where the cutlery flies and stick to. The person in the suit removes the helmet cover, revealing to be Varrick.
Varrick: It worked! Zhu Li, mark it down. Magnet suit test successful.  Power down.  On to phase two: Zhu Li cleans up this mess. 
</scene>

<scene>
The scene shifts to Lin walking outside of her room, as she sees two guards leaning against a wall and chatting.
Guard #1: How many push-ups did you do last night? 'Cause I did like fifty.
Lin: What do you two think you're doing?! Get back to work! 
Aiwei: Is everything all right here?
Lin: The Avatar is in danger, and these two knuckleheads are just standing around chit-chatting.
Aiwei: Don't worry, Zaofu is the most secure city in the world.
Lin: I'll be the judge of that. I'm going to check every inch of this place. 
Aiwei: Lin, you do not have to work while you are here. You need to relax.
Lin: I'm fine! 
Aiwei: It doesn't take a truth seer to know that you are under a dangerous amount of stress. If you don't deal with your suppressed feelings, there will be severe consequences to your health ... and your job.
Lin: I'm not interested in talking about my feelings.
Aiwei: You won't have to say a word. I know a great acupuncturist in town who will be able to help you. 
Lin: Hmm.
</scene>

<scene>
Scene shifts to Zaheer, Ghazan, Ming-Hua, and P'Li's hideout in a vine-infested Republic City apartment.
P'Li:  Seems like you made quite the stir on Air Temple Island. The cops are swarming the city looking for us.
Ghazan: You still want to try to take out the president?
Zaheer: No, he'll have to wait. We leave today.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the group, looking down at a view of street in Republic City.
Zaheer: There's our ticket out of here.
A truck driver is lifting boxes into the bag of his truck. Suddenly a water whip grabs hold of him, bent by Ming-Hua, and pulls him to the side of his truck. Terrified, he looks at Zaheer and P'Li, who are standing in front of him and glaring at him. Directly behind the driver, subduing him with an ice claw in one hand and holding an ice dagger at his neck, is Ming-Hua.
Driver: There's no money! I just made my last delivery!
Ming-Hua: We don't want money.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to an operating room. Lin is lying on a bed, looking upward as Guo bends needles out of a tray and stops them right above her.
Lin: How many of those things are you going to stick in me?
Guo: I'll be placing several needles on each of your acu-points. There's nothing to be scared about. 
Lin: I'm not afraid of needles!
Guo: Please, close your eyes and take a deep breath.  This process corrects an imbalance in your chi. Please tell me if you feel any pain or pressure.
Lin: I can't feel a thing.
Guo: That's unusual. Your chi must be powerfully blocked. We're going to need more needles.  Acupuncture often taps into peoples' buried memories. These memories can sometimes be difficult to process.
Lin:  Huh, buried memories. Uh-huh.
</scene>

<scene>
The scene manifests one of Lin's memories. A teenage Suyin is relaxing inside of her living room with two boys. The door opens and someone walks inside. It is Lin, who is also much younger.
Lin: Su, what are you doing home?
Suyin:  Wow, you almost look like a real cop!
Lin: You're supposed to be in school.
Suyin:  Oh no, are you going to tell Mom? It's not like she's going to care.
Lin:  Where'd you get all that stuff?
Boy: Oh, it fell off the back of a truck.
Lin: What are you doing hanging out with these losers?
Suyin: They're my friends and you have no right to call them that! Come on guys, let's get out of here.
Lin:  Su, stop.
Suyin:  Get your hands off of me!
Lin: You have so much potential. You're ruining your life!
Suyin: At least I have a life!
Suyin turns and leaves with her friends, as Lin looks on with a glare. Cut back out of the memory to the present, as Lin's eyes are closed and her face quivers. Switch to Suyin and Korra walking.
Suyin:  These meteorites are perfect for beginning metalbenders. The metals have a unique property, making them easier to bend.
Suyin breaks off a piece of the meteorite, which she slowly bends down to her hand. Suyin bends it into a star shape, followed by a diamond.
Korra: That's amazing! 
Suyin: Here, try it!
Korra: Okay.
Korra concentrates for a while, but is not able to do anything with the meteorite. A noise is heard in the distance. Korra and Suyin look for the source, and see Bolin watching them, while hiding behind a large rock.
Korra: Bolin? Is that you?
Bolin:  No!
Korra: What are you doing? 
Bolin: Oh, hey ladies. Just uh ... I was just looking for Pabu. Pabu!
Korra: He's on your shoulder.
Bolin:  Oh, look there you are!  You know, I thought something was chewing on my ear. Probably need to get a shot. Pabu has sort of a ... a venom. Anyways, so what are you guys doing? You metalbending over here or something?
Suyin: Want to give it a shot?
Bolin: Nah, it's okay. I mean, only like one earthbender in a hundred can metalbend.
Suyin: Well, don't believe everything you hear. The only thing limiting you is your attitude.
Bolin: Well, maybe I'll just ... I'll just stay and watch. 
Suyin: Try to focus on the fine pieces of earth within the metal. 
Korra: I can't believe it! I'm metalbending!
Bolin:  Wow, you picked that up really, really quick. Guess you're that one in a hundred.
Suyin:  Great job, Korra.
</scene>

<scene>
Back to Lin's room, as the camera zooms back into her head and into yet another memory. Lin is driving in a police carriage, as an officer's voice comes out of the radio.
Radio: Calling all units. Property reported on the corner of 5th and Harbor. Suspect's vehicle headed south on Hallow Boulevard. Units responding, identify.
Lin:  Unit three responding.
The criminal carriage drives by her, and she quickly turns around. Lin fires her cables at one of the wheels and rips it off, causing the carriage to swerve to the stop at the site of the road. Two people come out from the back and try to escape, but Lin traps them with her cables, glaring at them, until she hears a voice off-screen.
Suyin: Leave them alone! 
Lin:  Su?
</scene>

<scene>
The scene shifts out of the memory, as Lin opens her eyes, gasping, and sits up. The needles fly out of her and across of them. Lin breathes deeply, drenched in sweat, and turns to leave.
Guo: Wait! Leaving in the middle of a session could make you sick!
Lin: I'm done here.
</scene>

<scene>
Lin leaves, clearly in an unsafe condition. Cut to Lin in her room, face in hand. Her door opens and she looks up. It is Korra, but Lin hallucinates and sees her as a teenage Suyin.
Korra: Are you going to stay in your room feeling sorry for yourself all day?  You owe Opal an apology for the way you treated her last night. Are you okay? You don't look good. 
Lin: I'm fine!
Lin leaves, stumbling at the door, and groaning uncomfortably on the way out. Lin heads back to the acupuncture room and barges open the door, startling Guo who is placing the needles back onto their tray.
Lin: What did you do to me?
Guo: I tried to warn you. Come with me. Let's go finish the session.  Just relax and breathe.
Lin: So, you're robbing stores with the Terra Triad now?
Suyin: I didn't steal anything. I just drove the car. I owed my friends a favor. It's not a big deal.
Lin: I'm not letting you get away with this.
Suyin:  Oh, what are you going to do, Officer? Arrest me? 
Lin: Don't even think about taking one more step!
</scene>

<scene>
Suyin stops momentarily, but ignores her and keeps walking. Enraged, Lin sends one of her cables at her sister, and it catches her wrist. Suyin breaks free with her knife and sends the cables back at Lin, and the cables slice her cheek, causing Lin to scream in pain. Suyin looks on in shock. The scene leaves the memory with a sight of the present Lin, grunting and twitching her eyebrows. Cut to a bridge in Republic City, as a metalbending officer goes up to the same truck that was attacked by Zaheer's gang.
Officer: Good afternoon. Where are you off to today?
Driver: I, uh, got a delivery to make at Bao Yu. I should be back later today. 
Officer: You all right?
Driver: Yeah, just a little tired. One more pick-up, then I'm clocking out.
Officer: I thought you said you had a delivery?
Driver:  Did I?
Officer: I'm going to need you to step out of the vehicle and open the back of the truck.
The driver steps out and runs away screaming, while another cop chases after him. The interrogating cop opens the back of the truck, and is blasted backward with powerful airbending from Zaheer.
Zaheer: Let's get out of here!
Ming-Hua drives the truck away, while police stay hard on its tail. P'Li blows up one of them with combustion, but the rest are able to avoid it, and keep chasing the truck. Ghazan stops two of them with lava, and the group escape. Back to Zaofu, as Bolin sneaks up behind a meteorite pedestal, whistling. He takes the meteorite from its pedestal and attempts to bend it.
Opal:  Hey, Bolin.
Bolin:  Opal! Oh, wow, you ... really know how to sneak up on someone.
Opal: What are you doing?
Bolin: Oh nothing, you know, just ...  just thinking about my body and mustaches that I might have in the future. 
Opal: You're acting weird again.
Bolin: Sorry. I wasn't really thinking about all my mustaches. I'm just frustrated. I've been trying to metalbend and I can't figure it out. Don't tell anyone, okay?
Opal: Why not?
Bolin: Because it's embarrassing. This isn't the first time I've tried, and I've been wanting to metalbend ever since I heard about Toph. Your grandmother is my biggest hero!
Opal:  My mom grew up learning from Toph. Just go train with her. Stop being so scared.
Bolin: You know what? Maybe I am scared. But what about you? I know that you want to go to the Northern Air Temple to train with Tenzin, but you haven't done it, because you're afraid too!
Opal: You know what? You're right. I don't want to leave my family and disappoint my mom.
Bolin: Look at us! Talking about our feelings, supporting each other. 
Opal: It's nice.
Back to Lin in the acupuncture room, as we go back into her memories. Suyin and Lin are sitting together in chairs in their mother's office, glaring at each other, as Toph paces.
Toph:  What were you thinking? And what were you thinking? You two have put me in an impossible position.
Lin: You're mad at me?  She's the one who was running around with criminals!
Suyin:  This is all your fault!
Lin: I was doing my job!
Toph: All right, enough! Here's what we're going to do. Su, you need to leave the city as soon as possible.
Suyin: What?! Where am I supposed to go?
Toph: You'll go stay with your grandparents. Lin, give me the arrest report. 
Lin: Mom, what are you doing?! You can't cover this up! There are witnesses.
Toph: I'm the Chief of Police! I can't have a daughter in jail!
Lin: So, once again, Suyin gets to do whatever she wants and there are no consequences. 
Toph: This is our only option.
Back to the operating room. Guo removes the needles.
Guo: You're going to feel a bit fragile, so it's probably best if you take it easy for a while.
Lin:  I don't need to rest. I need to do something I should've done a long time ago.
Back to Suyin and Korra metalbending.
Suyin: Congratulations. You're the first metalbending Avatar. 
Bolin: So, umm, I've been thinking, and I'd like to try to learn metalbending.  I mean, I'm sure you have a waiting list or something of a couple years so.
Suyin: Let's get started.
</scene>

<scene>
The ground cracks beneath them and a meteorite falls and breaks. Cut to show an angry, panting Lin.
Bolin:  I think Lin is mad about something.
Lin: Su, it's time we talk.
Suyin: After thirty years, you're finally ready to talk?
Lin: When we were in Mom's office that day, you could've taken responsibility for what you did. But instead, you stayed quiet and let Mom throw her whole career away.
Suyin: Mom didn't throw her career away. She retired the next year. She was a hero.
Lin: You think she wanted to retire? She was so guilt-ridden about what she did to protect you that she didn't feel worthy of her badge.
Suyin: Look, I admit that I was not a perfect kid and I've made some mistakes in the past but-
Lin:  You made some mistakes?
Suyin:  Lin, Mom and I already talked about this years ago and worked things out. If you had gotten together with us like we'd asked, you would know that I'm a different person now. I've been a different person for a long time.
Lin: You think that just because you live in a big, fancy house, and have a chef who cooks you fancy food, that you're a different person? Maybe you could fool everyone else, but you can't fool me. I see right through you.
Suyin: You know what, Lin? You're the one who hasn't changed. You're still a bitter loner who only cares about herself. No wonder Tenzin ended things with you years ago.
Lin bends a rock toward Suyin, which she deflects using her wrist.
Suyin: Okay,  I guess this is how it's going to be.
Suyin trips Lin with a fissure, before knocking her off with a meteorite. Lin gets back up and earthbends a staircase, while Suyin metalbends a metal panel. Suyin bends the metal panel toward Lin, which she evades by using a backflip. Lin earthbends many fragments of small rocks to Suyin, who evades the attacks by weaving through.
Korra:  Should I stop them?
Bolin: You don't have any siblings, fighting is all part of the healing process.
The fight carries on with Lin earthbending toward Suyin, which she dodges with a cartwheel. Baatar, Huan, and the twins run to a pavilion.
Wei:  Go Mom!
The two of them continue to fight. Lin metalbends Huan's Harmonic Convergence sculpture, which Suyin deflects and smashes it into a metal wall.
Huan:  My sculpture!  Actually, it looks ... kinda better now.
Suyin metalbends three metal panels toward Lin, which she deflects. Lin begins to earthbend rocks from beneath Suyin and bends a large boulder toward her. Suyin curls a part of the metal wall to shield herself before rolling it out again, knocking Lin into the pavilion nearby, where she lands roughly on the stairs, grunting.
Suyin: You've got it out of your system?
Lin:  Not quite yet!
Lin earthbends a part of the staircase leading to the pavilion, while Suyin earthbends a boulder from the ground. The two of them begins to charge at each other, but Opal interfered by airbending both objects to the side.
Opal:  What are you two doing?! You're sisters! Why would you want to hurt each other?
</scene>

<scene>
Both Suyin and Lin pants in exhaustion, and suddenly, Lin faints and falls to the ground, but Korra saved her head from knocking the ground. The scene cuts to a view of Suyin's estate in Zaofu before shifting to Korra, Bolin and Mako standing outside of Lin's quarters.
Korra: Uhh, Whose going to knock? 
Bolin: No, no, no, no, no, no! Not me! You're the Avatar, why can't you do it?
Korra: Uhh, I can. But I just thought that ...
Mako: I'll do it.  Uhh, Chief, you've been sleeping for sixteen hours. We just wanted to make sure that you're okay.
Lin:  Good morning. 
</scene>

<scene>
The scene shifts to a drink being placed in front of Lin at the dining table.
Lin: What's this?
Chef: I call it the kalenutsco. It's a mixture of kale, coconut water, and walnuts.
Lin:  Not bad!  Opal, don't go. Please sit down, I want to talk to you.  Look, I'm just not really comfortable talking about these kinds of things, and ... well, I wanted to say that I'm sorry about the other night.
Opal: It's okay.
Lin: Your mother and I have a complicated relationship and ...
Opal: It's probably difficult for you to be here.
Lin:  You're a smart young woman, and an excellent airbender. I think it would be a wonderful opportunity to train with the other airbenders at the Northern Air Temple.
Opal: There's a part of me that wants to go, but ... I don't want to upset my mom.
Lin: When I was younger, all I wanted to do was please my mother. I became a police chief because I thought it would make her happy ... but it didn't. You need to make your decisions based on what you want. Don't make the same mistakes as I did.
</scene>

<scene>
Opal smiles and hugs her aunt. The scene shifts to Opal opening Suyin's office door, in which Suyin and Baatar are having tea.
Opal: Mom, Dad, can I talk to you?
</scene>

<scene>
Opal shuts the door behind her. The scene shifts to a statue of Toph with Lin standing in front of it, and Suyin approaching her.
Suyin: Opal has decided to go to the Northern Air Temple. I guess you had something to do with her decision.
Lin: Well, I was just ...
Suyin: It's okay. I'm glad she was honest with me. I want her to do what makes her happy. Mom gave us too much freedom, but I feel like I made the mistake of giving Opal too little. I think it's about time I let her choose her own way.  I'm sorry I gave you such a hard time when we were younger. I can't imagine what my life would've been like if Mom hadn't sent me away, if I had stayed in the city ...
Lin: You'd probably be in prison.
Suyin: You're probably right. Mako told me that you're an excellent police chief. Republic City is lucky to have you. I know Mom is proud.  Can we move on? I'd love for you to be part of my life again. There's plenty of space in the house, and the kids would love having their aunt around. I do need a new co-director for my new dance performance.
Lin: Whoa! Slow it down. How about for now, I just promise not to show up at your house and attack you again?
Suyin: Deal!
</scene>

<scene>
The two of them shake hands and smile at each other. The scene shifts to Zaheer's gang sitting around a camp fire, and Zaheer meditating.
Ming-Hua: We should've grabbed one of those cops. Maybe they know something about where the Avatar is hiding.
Ghazan: She could be anywhere.
P'Li: We'll find her. It's just a matter of time.
Zaheer:  She's with the Metal Clan.
Fades to credits.
Main Bolin Korra Lin Beifong Mako Opal Beifong Suyin Beifong Antagonists Ghazan Ming-Hua P'Li Zaheer: Minor Aiwei Asami Sato Baatar Baatar Jr. Chef Guo Huan Pabu Toph Beifong Truck driver Varrick Wei and Wing Zhu Li<scene>
Shiro Shinobi:  Ba Sing Se has fallen. After Zaheer and the Red Lotus toppled the Earth Queen, the city descended into chaos. Meanwhile, Korra and Asami tried to escape their captors, but crashed in the desert. After getting to safety, they met up with Lord Zuko, Tonraq, and Beifong. Back in Ba Sing Se, Zaheer freed Mako and Bolin, giving them a vital message to deliver to Korra, but will the brothers find her in time?
</scene>

<scene>
The scene opens to the Upper Ring of Ba Sing Se, covered with fire. An airship takes off in the background. A man stole the Earth Queen's luxurious vase. Another man stole her painting, while people are running in background.
Mako: I can't believe it! The Upper Ring is in chaos!
Looter:  Don't try to stop us; we're taking back what's ours.
Royal Earthbender Guard: Stop you?  I'm gonna join you.  I know where the good stuff is.
</scene>

<scene>
The group runs off. Cut to Mako and Bolin where looters run past them.
Bolin: Should we do something?
Mako: This isn't our battle.  We have to deliver Zaheer's message to Korra immediately.
Bolin: Right. Okay, find Korra, deliver message.  Yeah, this should be easy. We just got to get out of the city and get to the desert, then somehow find her in the vast expansive wasteland that goes on for thousands, and thousands, of miles.  This isn't gonna be easy.
Mako:  We need an airship.
The brothers run to the docking bay and enter an airship, where looters are stealing airship components.
Mako: Excuse me, may I have your attention please? I'm with the Republic City Police and I need to commandeer this airship to help the Avatar.
The looters, after listening to Mako, resume their activities, oblivious to the brothers.
Bolin: Let me give it a shot.  Hey, the Queen's gold's on the third floor of the palace, second door on the right!  You just got to know how to talk to 'em, bro. 
Mako: What, they took everything. I mean, who rips out a transmission radio?
Bolin: Some folks just do not have respect for other people's property.  Now let's steal this airship!
Mako: You know how to fly this thing?
Bolin: Technically speaking, no. But, c'mon, how hard could it be?
A glass lens falls off the control. Bolin confidently pushes a lever with his right hand, causing the airship to skid forward across the airstrip as citizens scatter.
Mako: Up! Up!
Bolin: I don't see any up button. I see levers and switches, oh, there it is. 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the airship flying above Ba Sing Se, which is engulfed with flames.
Mako: The whole city is falling to pieces.
Bolin:  Mako, our family's down there.
Mako:  Move over, we're getting them out.
Bolin: Oh, you think just because you dated Asami, you know how to fly this better than me?
Mako: Yeah.
Mako pilots the airship above their paternal family's house and opens the hatch. Once they arrive, Bolin slides down the hatch, enters the home via the window, and discovers the family still in the house with no apparent attempts at leaving.
Chow: Bolin? What are you doing here?
Bolin: I came to get you guys out. This whole block is about to go up in flames. Come on, Mako and I have an airship on the roof.
Tu: We can't. Grandma won't go.
Yin: This place is my whole world. I will not leave!  Oh, but I'm so glad my little Bolin has come back to visit. Sit down, would you like some tea?
Bolin:  Grandma, we don't have time for tea.
Chow: Mom, please!
Yin:  No! I can't abandon the place where I raised my family. It's my home.
Bolin: Grandma, there's one thing Mako and I've learned from all our years on the street. It doesn't matter where you go.  If you have your family with you, you'll always be at home.
Yin:  I'm not going.
Bolin: Fine!  You leave me no choice.  We're rolling out!
Yin: Wait.  Okay, let's go!
</scene>

<scene>
Bolin walks out of the house. The entire family climbs up to the airship. Cut to the airship leaving the house before the fire consumes everything.
Tu: Thanks for getting us out of there. I mean, I probably could have handled it myself if you guys didn't show up, but, thanks.
Yin:  May she rest in peace.  This airship is nice. Is it our new home?
Mako: No, Grandma. I'm not sure where we're gonna take you, but right now, we need to find Korra.
Chow: Did something happen to the Avatar?
Mako:  I'm afraid so.  Her airship went down somewhere in the desert. She was coming from a military base near the Misty Palms Oasis and heading to Ba Sing Se. If we retrace her route back to the base, we should find the wreckage.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Si Wong Desert at daybreak as everyone in the airship inspect the desert, looking for the wreckage. Some soon become bored and tired.
Tu: Guys, it's the wreckage!  I found it!  There!
Mako: That's a Ba Sing Se airship, all right. But where's the rest of it?
Bolin: I don't know. But there's some tracks.
</scene>

<scene>
The airship follows the tracks created by the sand-sailer. Cut to outside the Misty Palms Oasis where Druk is resting, but flies off upon seeing the airship land heavily.
Bolin: See, I told you. Landing is hard.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the Misty Palms Oasis where numerous spirits have gathered around the iceberg. The family walks up to the iceberg.
Female relative:  Spirits!
Bolin: Okay, guys. We think Korra found her way back here.  Now let's split off into teams and scour the town. Yes, we'll need your help too, Pabu, now just give me a second while I- wait, Pabu? Pabu! 
Yin:  Why is Bolin hugging that big rat?  Eww,  now he's kissing it!
Bolin:  I'm never gonna let you go again!
Tu: Guys, look out! Giant dog beast thingy!
The relatives all scatter, leaving Mako alone, while Naga pounces atop him, licking him.
Mako: Okay, all right, Naga. It's good to see you, too. Gah! Stop! You're licking my mouth. 
Bolin:  Asami! Korra!
Mako: You guys are okay!
Bolin and Mako run forward, hugging Asami and Korra respectively. Korra was slightly taken aback by the hug, but returns the favor.
Mako:  Sorry. I was just- It's so good to see you.
Korra: It's really good to see you, too.  Both of you.
Lin: Good. You guys aren't dead.
Mako: Don't get all mushy on me, Chief.  Tonraq. Sir. 
Bolin:  Oh my gosh, it's Lord Zuko! I can't believe it. 
Mako: Uhm,  forgive my brother. We're just really honored to meet you, Sir. 
Zuko:  It's a pleasure to meet you as well.
Yin:  You must be the Avatar.  Mako told me so much about you. You are even more beautiful than I imagined.
Mako:  Uh, actually, that's Asami. This is Avatar Korra. Korra, this is my grandma, Yin.
Yin:  You are very muscular for a woman.
Korra: Uhm, thanks. You too?
Yin: What lovely young women. Mako, why aren't you dating any nice girls like them? 
Asami: Uh, so what happened to you two? Where have you been?
Mako: We were captured by Zaheer and taken to Ba Sing Se. We were there when the Earth Queen was overthrown.
Korra: What? How did you escape?
Mako: Zaheer let us go.
Korra: What? Why would he do that?
Bolin: Because he wanted us to find you and deliver a message.
Mako: Zaheer is headed to the Northern Air Temple as we speak. He said he's gonna wipe out the new Air Nation and everyone in it. Unless you turn yourself over to him.
Korra listens to the news in disbelief and worry.
Korra: Zaheer's threatening innocent lives just to get to me.
Tonraq: He could be bluffing.
Mako: He's already taken out the Earth Queen. I don't think he bluffs.
Korra: We need to radio Tenzin and warn him that the Red Lotus is coming.
Mako: I agree. Unfortunately, we don't have a radio on the airship.
Tonraq: There's a portable radio on the jeep, but the signal will never make it to the Northern Air Temple.
Lin: We need to get to a place that has a strong radio transmitter. The Metal Clan will have one.
Korra: Let's go. We'll radio Su on the way. Hopefully she can get a hold of Tenzin at the air temple by the time we get to Zaofu.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Zaofu, where the airship and Druk approach the dock. Team Avatar dismount with Suyin and two Metal Clan escort awaiting them.
Korra: Did you have any luck getting through to Tenzin?
Suyin:  No one's answering. What if Zaheer's already up there? I should never have let Opal go.
Lin: It's going to be okay, Su.
Suyin: I hope so.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the radio room, where a radio operator adjusts the controls.
Radio operator: We have a strong signal, but no one's answering.
Korra:  I can't just sit around here while a madman is on his way to the Northern Air Temple. We have to do something.
Suyin: I'll ready my airship. With a full force of the Metal Clan security backing us, we can take them. 
Mako: We'll never make it up there before Zaheer.
Korra: There might be another way to stop him. It's a long shot, but Zaheer is always meditating into the Spirit World. And I know exactly where he goes: Xai Bau's Grove. If I can find him there, maybe I could somehow trap him.
Lin: We can't protect you in there. I don't like it.
Korra: I'll be fine. I have to try.
Asami: I'll watch over her as she meditates.
Bolin: I guess, in the meantime, Mako and I will stay here and try to get through to the temple.
Tonraq: We'll help Su ready the airship.
Korra, Asami and Tonraq walk out of the room, leaving the brothers alone with their grandmother.
Yin: I'm going to take a nap.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the garden, where Korra meditates, crossing over to the empty Xai Bau's Grove.
Korra: Zaheer! Come out! Face me! Leave the airbenders out of this!  There you are.
Iroh: Please don't hurt me, Korra. I'm just an old man.
Korra: Iroh? What are you doing here?
Iroh: I was just out searching for a new teapot to add to my collection. But instead, I found you.  In the Spirit World, you always seem to find something you don't know you were looking for.  You look troubled.
Korra: I am.
Iroh: Sit.  What is on your mind?
Korra: There's a maniac on the loose and he's threatening to destroy the new Air Nation. I don't know what to do.
Iroh: Just because you are the Avatar, doesn't mean you will have all the answers.
Korra: I know many Avatars have needed guidance. But I'm the only one since Avatar Wan that can't get help from my past lives. I wish I could talk to Aang.
Iroh: You know, Zuko and Aang were close friends.
Korra: Lord Zuko, of course.
Iroh: Yes, my nephew. Their relationship started off  a little rocky, but they grew to become lifelong friends. Best friends.
Korra: Thank you! Thank you so much. You're right about the Spirit World. I came here looking for someone else, but I'm glad I found you.
Korra returns to her physical body.
Asami: Did you find Zaheer?
Korra: No, he wasn't there. But there's someone I need to talk to.  You're leaving? Aren't you coming to the air temple with us?
Zuko: I'm sorry, but I can't. I'm going back to the Fire Nation. If it's true that the Red Lotus is targeting the nations' leaders, I need to protect my daughter.
Korra: I understand. You have to keep the Fire Lord safe. But before you leave, I was wondering if you could help me with something.
Zuko: I was often Aang's counsel and I'd love to be yours.
Korra: That just it. You knew Aang better than anyone. I was wondering if you knew what he might do if he were in my situation.
Zuko: Hmm. Rebuilding the Air Nation was Aang's biggest dream. He would be beside himself with joy with what you've done. And if he accomplished that goal, he might have sacrificed anything to protect it.
Korra: So he would give himself up to save the Air Nation?
Zuko: I don't know for sure. The airbenders might have been closest to Aang's heart, but, as the Avatar, he was concerned with people of all nations. No one knew better than Aang that in times of turmoil,  the world needs its Avatar the most.
Korra: Thanks. Your uncle was right. It was helpful talking to you.
Zuko: Wait, you spoke with my uncle?
Korra: Yes. In the Spirit World. A couple of times actually. 
Mako: Guys. We got through to the air temple.
The trio run to the radio room, where Bolin is using the radio.
Meelo: Who is this?
Bolin:  I told you, it's Bolin!
Meelo:  Bolin's not here right now. Can I take a message?
Bolin: No! I'm not looking for Bolin, I am Bolin! Gah, look, I need you to find your dad.
Meelo: He's outside with the bison. Did you know we found a whole herd full of baby bison?
Bolin: No, a whole herd? Really?
Korra:  Meelo, this is your commanding officer. Go get your dad, now!
Meelo:  Yes, sir!
Korra: Come on, come on!
Tenzin: Hello? This is Tenzin.
Korra: Tenzin! Listen to me carefully. Zaheer is on his way to the temple. He's coming for the airbenders. You have to get everyone out of there immediately. Drop everything. Leave! Now!
Tenzin: Oh no.
Korra:  What? What is it? Tenzin! Tenzin, what's happening?!
Tenzin: It's too late.  He's here.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the airship where Zaheer and P'Li are standing. Cut to the airship, which is making circles around the air temple.
Meelo:  What is it, Daddy?
Tenzin:  We need to get everyone out of here.  Stay close to me.
Tenzin jumps out of a a window and opens his glider as Meelo follows him. Finally they are landing on a garden where Bumi, Kai and other four airbenders looks at the flying airship.
Bumi:  What's going on, Tenzin?
Tenzin: It's Zaheer.  Round everyone up! We need to get to the bison and evacuate immediately!
</scene>

<scene>
Camera shows Bumi, Kai, and another airbender start running as the airship is flying behind them. Cuts to the airbending training area where Daw and another airbender are training until Kai suddenly shows up.
Kai: Guys, we got an emergency. We're evacuating the temple.  Come on.
Kai, Daw, and another airbender start running when lava appears underground and blocking their way.
Kai: Look out!
</scene>

<scene>
Kai, Daw, and the other airbender eject themselves back. In the next frame the Camera shows Ghazan smiling. Cuts to the meditation room where Kya is meditating with Opal and three other female airbenders. A door sound disturbs them and they turn toward it.
Bumi:  It's Zaheer! We have to leave.
</scene>

<scene>
Cuts to Bumi and the others run outside. Opal screams as Ming-Hua grabs her from behind and menaces her with an ice spike.
Ming Hua: No one's going anywhere, or she gets it.
</scene>

<scene>
Scene shifts to Tenzin and his family running across a bridge. Zaheer soon lands in front of them.
Zaheer: Good. The entire family is here.
All the airbenders are rounded up in the courtyard by Ming-Hua, Ghazan, and Zaheer.
Zaheer: It's a pleasure to finally meet a true airbending master.
Tenzin: What is it you want from us?
Zaheer: Nothing at all. In fact, if everyone cooperates, you will all walk out of this situation unharmed.
Tenzin: Then what are you doing here?
Zaheer: I want Korra, and I'm tired of chasing her.
Tenzin: You're using us as leverage.
Zaheer: Yes.
Tenzin:  I will never let you get to Korra.
Zaheer: Unfortunately, you don't have a choice.
Tenzin: Yes, I do.
Tenzin pushes the three criminals away with airbending.
Tenzin: Jinora! Get everyone out of here. Bumi, Kya, help me hold them off!  And stay out of her line of sight! Go, go!
</scene>

<scene>
The airbenders all run away. P'Li fires a beam at the exit, though everyone has evacuated. Cut to a overhead shot of the hall as the airship exits while the criminals approach Aang's children. Cut to the frontal shot of the siblings, as Kya bends water from a fountain and forms a ring around her. The Red Lotus ready themselves and Zaheer throws a gust of wind before the scene changes to the airbenders escaping, reaching the end of the sheltered route. They look at the stable and Kai gestures for them to move out, though they are forced to retreat when bombarded with combustion beams.
Pema: It's too dangerous. We'll never make it to the stables with her up there.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut back to the hall, where Zaheer somersaults, avoiding Tenzin's air blast. He constantly avoids Tenzin's attacks by jumping to new heights. Before reaching the roof, Tenzin manages to land a hit on Zaheer, but he is still able to run off, avoiding the master's attack. Zaheer makes it to the houses attached to the wall, which Tenzin follows, attacking him with a close-range blast which was blocked. Zaheer rises and lands onto the protective wall. Tenzin follows and attacks him from behind, knocking him off balance. Zaheer manages to regain his ground and somersaults, kicking a blast of air a the meantime. Tenzin avoids the attack and fires two quick air blast, which Zaheer avoids by somersaulting above him. Zaheer lands successfully and sends an air kick. Cut to Kya, attempting to redirect Ming-Hua's water appendages, but to no avail. Ming-Hua leaps up and attempts to land a hit on Kya, but she is able to dodge the attack. Ming-Hua freezes the tips of her appendages into ice blades and swings them toward Kya, slicing a statue into pieces, though Kya is able to dodge the attacks. As a blade nearly slices her, she breaks it off and throws it to Ming-Hua. Ming-Hua grabs the blade and throws it back to Kya, sending two more ice spikes in the meantime. Kya manages to break off two of the ice, though is knocked against the wall by the last fragment. Ming-Hua bends a water vortex and charges toward Kya, but she is able to send a large wave of water to Ming-Hua, knocking her off the cliff. Kya walks up to Ming-Hua, though is taken aback to find her bending the directed water into multiple water arms and return to the scene.
Kya: No.
Ming-Hua smirks and uses her appendages to knock Kya back into the hall. Bumi jumps down to the first floor with Ghazan giving chase, melting the floor above. Once on the same floor, Ghazan erupts the floor into lava, forcing Bumi to land onto the hall. Ghazan bends the floor beneath Bumi into lava, but he is able to jump out of the way before it erupts. Ghazan directs the lava to Bumi, but he leaps to the wall and charges toward Ghazan with airbending, sliding beneath his legs behind him. He pounces atop the lavabender, grabbing him by the neck and pulling his hair before biting him on the shoulder. Ghazan screams in pain before launching Bumi off with an earth pillar. Kya evades Ming-Hua's attacks before being thrown toward her brother. Both siblings gather in front of a statue of an Air Nomad to catch some breath.
Bumi: I see you're having as much fun as I am.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the bison stable, where P'Li bombards the area with combustion beams. The scene changes to the airbenders hiding in the stable.
Kai: I can't wait any longer. 
Jinora: Wait, what are you doing?
Kai: Whatever I can.  Get to the bison! Get out of here!
</scene>

<scene>
P'Li fires a combustion beam at Kai, who narrowly misses the attack. The next combustion beam threw Kai off the cliff, though he is able to open his glider and take flight, avoiding multiple combustion beams. As he flies past P'Li, she turns her attention to the fleeing airbenders. Cut to Kai who flies back to the airship, sending an air swipe to P'Li, causing her to misfire and blast the cliff above. P'Li turns her attention to Kai and fires a combustion beam. Kai protects himself with an air ball, but is knocked out. Cut to the fleeing airbenders, where Jinora turns back.
Jinora:  Kai! No.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to an unconscious Kai, plunging down the mountain. Cut to the stable, where the bison took off without the airbenders when confronted with a combustion beam. The airbenders turn to look at the airship. Cut to Bumi, who is knocked back with a water blast. His sister retreats to cover him, freezing her water to block Ghazan's rock, though the next attack shattered the ice. Bumi steps back and nearly loses his footing. Ghazan bends a large earth fissure, throwing the siblings off the temple. Bumi airbends and holds on to the ledge while grabbing his sister.
Bumi: I got you.
Bumi groans before turning to see P'Li.
Kya: Bumi, let go!
Bumi: But we could die!
Kya: We're gonna die if we hang on!
</scene>

<scene>
P'Li directs a combustion beam toward Bumi. Bumi hangs on before letting go, narrowly missing the combustion blast. Both siblings plunge down the cliff before their fall is cushioned by trees, and they land on the cliffside, unconscious. Cut to Tenzin attacking Zaheer with an air blast, which Zaheer dodges. Tenzin jumps behind Zaheer to avoid an attack and counters by arching his back to throw another blast, knocking down Zaheer. Tenzin charges toward Zaheer, but is knocked off by a combustion blast. He cushions his fall with airbending, preparing for another attack, but was struck by Ming-Hua on his right and Ghazan on his left. He dodges barrages of attack by Ming-Hua, Ghazan and Zaheer, though was knocked down. As the Red Lotus surrounds him, he braces himself up and blows off Ghazan and Zaheer. He protects himself in an air sphere, but is blasted against a wall by P'Li. He props himself up, his clothing badly tattered and his face bruised.
Zaheer: Give up. It's over.
Tenzin: As long as I'm breathing, it's not over.
</scene>

<scene>
Tenzin strikes Zaheer with a close-range air blast, but misses. The scene pans to the wall, blocking the fight as the Red Lotus launch assaults against Tenzin. Cut to Kai, who is licked in the face, causing him to regain consciousness. The scene zooms out and flips, revealing him hanging upside-down on a tree and the bison calf that licked him awake.
Kai: Woah!  Thanks, buddy. Yip, yip! 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to credits.
Main Asami Bolin Bumi Jinora Kai Korra Kya Mako Tenzin Antagonists Ghazan Ming-Hua P'Li Zaheer: Minor Chow Daw Druk Ikki Iroh Lin Beifong Meelo Naga Opal Beifong Pabu Pema Rohan Suyin Beifong Tonraq Tu Yin Zuko<scene>
Shiro Shinobi:  Bolin, Opal, and Lin rescued the Beifongs and Zhu Li from Kuvira. Now they are racing to Republic City to alert everyone about the Earth Empire's imminent attack. Meanwhile, Korra and Team Avatar have been preparing for just such an event. Prince Wu is leading an evacuation effort, while Asami and Varrick are creating flying mecha suits. But with Kuvira planning to strike in only two weeks, will they be ready in time?
</scene>

<scene>
The scene opens with a far shot of the city of Zaofu in broad daylight. The view cuts to the central square in the city, where a number of soldiers are gathered, standing at attention facing toward the front steps of the city's government building. Kuvira's voice is heard, addressing the soldiers from the top of the steps.
Kuvira: Today, we stand on the precipice of history. For the past three years,  we've fought side by side to unite the Earth Empire and we've proven that no one can stand in our way,  not even the Avatar. But our mission is not yet complete.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to two soldiers in a outpost in the mountains, listening to Kuvira's speech via a radio.
Kuvira:  There is a grave injustice that must be corrected. As you all know, after the Hundred Year War, Avatar Aang,  along with Fire Lord Zuko, stole Earth Empire land and formed the United Republic.  This land belongs to the people of the Earth Empire and it's time to take it back! Republic City will be ours!
The soldiers all snap to attention, chanting in unison.
Soldiers: All hail the Great Uniter!
Kuvira leaves the podium, with Baatar Jr. walking alongside her. Kuvira turns toward him as they walk.
Kuvira: Are you ready to show the world what a true superpower looks like?
Baatar Jr.:  Yes. I'm honored to march into the city by your side.  I love you, Kuvira.
Kuvira: I never could have done this without your help. After we claim victory, we can finally get married  and rule our empire together.
</scene>

<scene>
The shot zooms onto Kuvira, who closes her eyes after a short moment. Cut to an exterior shot of City Hall in Republic City, before cutting to Raiko's office, where Raiko, Wu, Korra, Mako, and Tenzin sit around a table, on which lies a map of the city itself.
Korra: How's the evacuation coming?
Wu: Could be better.  At this point we've evacuated almost ...  eighteen families.
Korra:  Only eighteen? There are millions of people in this city!
Wu: I said it could be better.
Mako: The problem is, it's a voluntary evacuation and there aren't very many volunteers. They just don't feel like they're in any immediate danger.
The conversation comes to an abrupt halt as Bolin bursts through the doors of the office.
Bolin: Guys! Good, you're all here!
Raiko:  What's with you interrupting my important meetings all the time?
Korra:  Su ... what are you ... you're okay!  I'm so sorry about Zaofu. How did you escape?
Bolin: Opal, Beifong, and I rescued everyone. But we had a run in with Kuvira. We saw her super spirit weapon up close. Like, really close. Way too close.
Tenzin: Is she going to use it against Republic City?
Zhu Li: Yes. I found out she's going to attack in two weeks.
Bolin: Ooh! And Zhu Li's on our side now. Actually, she never really switched sides and I'm just gonna let her explain the whole thing. Zhu Li?
Zhu Li:  I pretended to be loyal to Kuvira so I could sabotage her weapon. It didn't work, but I did overhear her plans to attack.
Raiko:  I knew she wouldn't stop at Zaofu.
Lin: My guess is, she's coming by rail. It's the only way she can transport that weapon.
Korra: Then we'll cut the rail lines.
Raiko: I agree. But let's get as many citizens evacuated before we do.  Put out the announcement. The evacuation is now mandatory.
Mako:  We're on it.
Korra: Don't worry Mr. President. I won't let Kuvira take our city.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the outside of a Future Industries factory. Transition inside, where workers are busy fastening bolts and welding. Cut to Varrick standing on a balcony above the assembly floor, addressing the workers.
Varrick: Weld hotter! Tighten tighter!  The president said we only have two weeks to get these hummingbirds humming!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Varrick's face. He places two hands behind his ears and closes his eyes as he hums. Behind him, Bolin walks through a set of doors and addresses him.
Bolin: Varrick! Good, you're here.  Can I talk to you for a minute?
Varrick:  What is it? I'm busy inspiring my workers.
Bolin: Well, I went to Zaofu and saved Su and her family ... and guess who else we found?  Ha!
On cue, Zhu Li walks through the doors, looking slightly unnerved. Varrick, seeing her, straightens up, his eyes widening in surprise.
Varrick: Zhu Li.
Bolin:  Now, isn't there something you wanted to say to her? Hmm?
Zhu Li:  Please, let me go first. I know I said a lot of terrible things about you in front of Kuvira. But I need you to know ...  I didn't mean one word. When you were being taken away, I thought my only chance to save you was to join her.  But every day, I hoped for the chance to see you again and tell you the truth.  Varrick, you mean the world to me and I'm sorry if I hurt you in any way.
Varrick:  Don't be so hard on yourself.  Apology accepted! Now be a good assistant and  man the assembly line!
Zhu Li:  No! I am not your assistant anymore.  If you want me around, you need to start treating me like an equal!
</scene>

<scene>
She walks off, leaving Varrick standing bent backward, while Bolin stands by in silence. When Varrick straightens up and shrugs, Bolin smacks his own forehead. Cut to a radio operating room, with a close-up of a switchboard. An operator plugs in one of the cables into another line.
Radio operator:  We're patched into the emergency broadcast line.  You're going out to every radio in the city.
Mako:  Attention citizens of Republic City. This is not a test.  An attack on our city is imminent. President Raiko has ordered a mandatory evacuation for all citizens. Please find  your evacuation handbooks and turn to  subsection one-dash-two-six.  There you will find initial instructions for your area. For example, if you live in northwest vector one, report to your primary meeting location,  which would be at the eastern entrance of the Southern Water Tribe library.  There, you would choose a leader as specified in section one-dash-two-eight. 
Radio operator:  Uh, Chief,  we're getting confused calls from all over the city. I think Mako's starting a panic.
Mako: What's confusing?  I'm giving very specific instructions.
Lin:  Great, this is just what we need.
Wu: I got this.  Hello, everyone, this is Prince Wu. Now, I know you're all a little scared. Believe me, I know what it's like to be afraid. I used to not be able to go to the bathroom by myself. But if we let that fear control us  none of us will ever be able to go to the bathroom and then we all lose.  But the people of Republic City aren't losers, we're winners.  Winners that are going to  get out of this city in a calm and orderly fashion.  So I want you to grab your family, grab your neighbor  grab that guy down the street you don't know very well and head to the nearest bus,  train or ferry station.  We're going to get you out of here, safe and sound.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Lin and Mako, whose serious expressions turn to one of astonishment as the royal finishes. Cut to a wider shot of the switchboard, where the lights of incoming calls are quickly all disappearing, much to everyone's pleasure.
Lin:  Good job, kid.  You might not make such a bad king after all.
</scene>

<scene>
Wu looks at her, though when Mako places a hand on his shoulder, he turns to look at his bodyguard with a proud expression. Cut to Air Temple Island where Tenzin opens a door and walks into a room.
Tenzin: Rohan's with the Acolytes. They have the boat ready to leave.  Why aren't you all packed yet?
Pema:  The kids and I have been talking and we decided we want to stay. This is our city and it's going to need all the help it can get.
Meelo:  Yeah! Only a coward flees his fate.
Tenzin:  Thank you.  I'm sure Prince Wu could use your help with the evacuation.  And you three can help the other airbenders keep an eye on the Earth Empire troops from above.
Meelo:  Kuvira's gonna rue the day she messed with  Meelo.
</scene>

<scene>
Jinora glances off to the side at this statement. Cut to the outside of Republic City station. Satomobiles are scattered everywhere and airships fly above. Transition inside to a long line of evacuees waiting to board the trains. Fade to Wu and Pema directing evacuees. Cut to Yue Bay at nighttime, where the United Forces Navy and several airships are approaching Republic City. Cut to an overview of the bay and the city. Switch to a side-shot of General Iroh standing at the bow of a battleship. Cut to another aerial shot of the city and the incoming United Forces Army. The night shot transitions to daytime and the troops have scattered across the bay and city. Several shots transition between night and day to show the emptying of the city. Cut to a side-shot of a group of advancing mecha tanks who take up positions in front the gathered battalions of infantry troops at the outskirts of the city, the rising sun in their back. Several lines of barbed wire are positioned in front of the assembled troops. Cut to Air Temple Island, to the base of the tower; the shot pans up.
Raiko:  I still don't like having to abandon my office in the city.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to inside the tower, where Raiko is looking out of a window, though now glances over his shoulder to Tenzin and Lin.
Lin: Air Temple Island is the ideal location for your base of operations and you'll be safe here.
Korra:  There's something we need to discuss with you.
Tenzin: What is it?
Korra:  The four of us have been talking and ... we wanna take out Kuvira's spirit weapon before it gets too close to the city.
Tenzin:  That sounds like a risk we don't need to take. The evacuation is on schedule and General Iroh is getting his army in place.
Korra:  I know Iroh can go toe-to-toe with Kuvira's army, but that weapon ...
Bolin: It's too powerful! It can destroy the city.
Mako: We can't let it get to our doorstep.
Korra: We'll sneak behind enemy lines and disable the weapon.
Asami: If it works, it'll even the playing field.
Tenzin: But if you get caught ...
Korra: It's worth the risk.
Raiko:  I agree, and it might be our only shot at preventing an all-out war.  Good luck.
Korra:  We'll head out tonight.
</scene>

<scene>
The scene cuts to a military outpost somewhere in the mountains at night, light emanating from the guard towers. A road, also electrically lit, winds around the side of the mountain. The shot changes to the perspective of a guard peering into the fog with binoculars. As he looks, a faint crash sounds in the distance and the camera moves back toward the source of the sound and movement can be seen. Switch to a frontal shot of two guards, with one looking through binoculars.
Sentry: There's something out there!
</scene>

<scene>
The other sentry peers through his own pair of binoculars. Cut to a shot of the fog, though as a breeze blows it aside, a multitude of mecha suits and other tanks of Kuvira's army are revealed to be marching steadily through the fog.
Sentry:  It's Kuvira's army!  They're a week early! Get the commander immediately and radio Republic City!
</scene>

<scene>
As the second guard turns to execute the orders, he is halted when a loud crash is heard and the ground shakes. He turns toward the sound and the view cuts to the incoming army, though now the legs of an enormous mecha suit are visible behind the tanks, dwarfing them in comparison. The shot pans up to reveal the upper body of the humanoid colossus as it raises its arms, accompanied by a loud sound of mechanical equipment, and prepares the spirit energy cannon attached to its right arm. As the tip of the barrel starts to glow purple, the shot cuts back to the a side-view of the shocked sentries. Cut to a far off shot of the enormous mecha suit as the energy beam is fired. Cut to a side-shot of the outpost as the purple beam of energy hits it directly and is hidden from view by a flash of brilliant white light. When the light fades, the outpost is in rubbles and burning. Cut to the colossal mecha suit as it lowers its arms, flames licking the air in the foreground. Cut to morning in the mountains. A flying bison soars through the air, groaning. Cut to its saddle, where Bolin is peering through a telescope, while Asami and Mako are surveying their surroundings with the naked eye. As Bolin directs his attention to his left, he gasps in surprise, drawing everyone's attention.
Bolin: Guys! I see something.  Down there! 
Asami: Is that – ?
Korra: Kuvira.  She's already crossed into United Republic territory. She's a week early.
Mako: This doesn't make sense.  There aren't any train tracks this way. How are they transporting that super weapon of theirs? 
Asami: Apparently on a giant mecha suit!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the legs of the mecha, as each step causes a large dust cloud to blow up around its feet. Pan up to the body of the mecha, several airships visible in the background. The view cuts back to Team Avatar as they look upon the giant mecha in wonder.
Mako:  Did you know Kuvira was building that thing?
Bolin:  Oh, did I forget to mention it? No, of course I didn't know!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the inside of the mecha suit; Kuvira stands within.
Mecha operator: There's a flying bison up ahead.
Kuvira: The Avatar. 
Bolin:  I know what happens next! We gotta get out of here, now! Now! 
Baatar Jr.: Should we go after them? They're going to warn Republic City.
Kuvira:  Let them. No one can stop us.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Air Temple Island, as Team Avatar's bison comes in to land; Tenzin, Pema, Raiko, Lin, Suyin, Wei, and Wing gather to meet Team Avatar, who dismount from their bison.
Tenzin: Korra? Are you all right? Why are you back so soon?
Korra: It's Kuvira. Our intel was wrong. She must have known Zhu Li had the information.
Raiko: What are you trying to say?
Korra: Kuvira's army is only a few hours away.
Tenzin: No, they can't be! We're not ready.
Korra: And that spirit weapon of hers is attached to a giant mecha suit. It's over twenty-five stories tall!
Raiko:  Get General Iroh on the line and tell him that the attack is happening today. We need to lock down the city. 
Tenzin: Pema! Find Wu and get the remaining citizens to safety, immediately.  We can't have innocent lives in jeopardy.
Bolin: What should we do?
Asami: Let's go to my factory. Maybe we can get a few of those hummingbird suits up and running.
Suyin: We're coming with you. 
Korra: I'll head to the front lines and help General Iroh.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a distant shot of the city from the air, followed by a shot of a number of airbenders mounting buildings in preparation for the attack. In a zoom on the top of one of the buildings, Kai, Jinora, Tenzin, Meelo, Ikki, and Bumi, along with another airbender, are seen staring into the distance. Another switch of shot shows a birds-eye view from above the buildings looking out onto the field where the army waits for Kuvira's arrival. Cut to a rotating still of Wu in the train station, directing people; another shot shows Wu and Pema as a crowd of people pours past them onto a waiting train; yet another set of shots shows Lin and Raiko in his new office on Air Temple Island, as they stare out the window at the city in the distance. Cut to the field of fortification. Three fences of tank traps and barbed wire stretch across the shot as the army waits behind it. A quick cut to General Iroh and Korra standing together in silence is accompanied by a distant crash. The shot cuts out to an aerial shot facing toward the mountains as more crashes are heard in the distance. Suddenly the shot zooms wildly on the colossal mecha as it emerges from behind a hill. After another close-up shot of the mecha, the shot cuts to its cockpit, where a determined-looking Kuvira stands, staring unblinkingly at her objective. Two separate shots show the shock and disbelief on the faces of the airbenders, Lin, and Raiko. The mecha comes to a stop just in front of the barbed-wire fencing; a distant shot shows the mecha towering over its opponents, an airship floating just behind it. Quick cut to Iroh and Korra; Iroh, like the others, looks shocked, while Korra simply looks defiant. Cut to Raiko's office as he tunes a radio to a proper frequency and speaks into the microphone at his desk.
Raiko: Kuvira, this is President Raiko. I order you to stand down. Turn your army around and leave.
Kuvira:  You're in no position to give orders.
Raiko:  Stand down, or we will attack!
Kuvira: I don't think you understand the power I possess.  Let me make it clear.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the interior of the weapon as a vine sample loads into the firing chamber; the arms of the mecha raise into the firing position, and the cannon fires. The beam of energy sails over the city, colliding with a warship in the harbor, which immediately explodes into flame. Another blast from the weapon catches two more warships, which also become engulfed in flames. The shot cuts to Varrick's factory; inside, Mako, Bolin, Asami, Zhu Li, and Varrick watch as the weapon destroys two more warships. Varrick yells out, angry.
Varrick:  This is exactly why I didn't wanna build that weapon!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the battlefield; as smoke rises behind them, Korra and Iroh gaze fearfully at the mecha, which proceeds to turn its cannon downward, toward the army assembled on the field. The men assembled take a few steps back, fearful as well. After a quick shot of Korra and Iroh, a succession of shots shows the burning, sinking ships in the harbor and the airbenders on board trying to lift the crew to safety. Cut back to Raiko, who stares at the burning ships, a terrified uncertainty on his face. Iroh calls through the radio.
Iroh:  Mister President, do I have your order to engage?
Kuvira:  You have three seconds before I wipe out your army.
Raiko snatches up the microphone, addressing Lin briefly.
Raiko: I have no choice.
Kuvira:  Time's up!
Raiko: Stop! We surrender. Republic City is yours.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the mecha's cockpit, as Kuvira straightens up from her battle stance.
Kuvira: Good. Turn your army and the Avatar over to me, and give Baatar your location.  He'll present you with our terms.
Korra:  I'm not surrendering!
Iroh: Get back to the city before she sees you. And Korra --  --find a way to beat that thing.
Korra:  I will.
</scene>

<scene>
The next shot shows Korra running through the empty camp toward the city and the columns of black smoke rising high into the air beyond. Cut to Kuvira's cockpit as Baatar's voice speaks over the radio.
Baatar Jr.: We've done it, Kuvira.  And I just got word that President Raiko is on Air Temple Island. I'm heading there now.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the crew in Varrick's warehouse. As the others stand in groups, Korra walks through the double doors.
Korra: Raiko surrendered.  It's down to us now.
Bolin:  How are we supposed to fight an entire army, a mecha giant, and that crazy weapon?
Asami: We can't fight it, but maybe we can cripple it.  Zhu Li, when you were spying on Kuvira, did you learn anything about that metal monster?
Zhu Li: I had no idea they were even building it.
Varrick: Guess Baatar Jr. is a better inventor than I thought.  Don't tell him I said that.
Korra:  That's it! Baatar Jr. built it, he'll know how to take it down! I say we capture him, and get him to talk.
Tenzin: Hmm ...
Korra:  I know it's a long shot, but it's the only chance we have, and if we don't ...
Tenzin:  Korra, I'm in.
Korra: We'll need a stealth team of airbenders to get in and out of Baatar's airship unnoticed. Tenzin, Bumi, Jinora, Kai, let's get moving.
Meelo:  What about me?
Korra:  Sorry, buddy. This mission counts on everyone being as silent as possible -  - and your farts are just too much of a wild card.
Meelo:  I can be quiet!  Okay, point taken.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to somewhere over Republic City, where Baatar Jr.'s airship is flying toward Air Temple Island, on its way to met Raiko. As the shot switches to an overhead view, a sky bison flies into the frame, high above the airship below. A close-up shows the five people in its saddle: Korra, Tenzin, Kai, Jinora, and Bumi. Korra turns to the airbenders.
Korra: Is everyone ready?
</scene>

<scene>
The airbenders all nod their heads. Korra rises to her feet and jumps over the side of the saddle with her glider in hand, the airbenders following her one by one. The frame switches to show them gliding swiftly downward through the air toward the airship. Korra runs up to the hatch leading to the airship's interior as they land, using metalbending to destroy the latch and flipping the hatch open. She silently motions for Bumi and Tenzin to drop in, and Korra follows them through the open hatch, leaving Kai and Jinora to keep watch on the top of the airship. Cut to the interior, where a guard walks down a deserted hallway within the airship. As he passes a empty doorway filled with red light, Korra pokes her head around the threshold and, after a few seconds, motions for the two airbenders to follow her again. The shot shows the three of them tiptoeing down another deserted corridor before coming to a stop at a corner. On the other side is Baatar Jr., inputting a passcode into a security door. The doors open and Baatar walks through; as the doors close, Korra jumps from her cover, metalbending the doors into an open position. As Tenzin and Bumi rush into the room, Baatar's shocked yell can be heard offscreen. There is a noise of Baatar struggling vainly to escape before he is slammed into a thick glass window with a gag over his mouth. Korra and Tenzin hold him in place as Bumi pulls a large sack over his body. The next shot, at the top of the airship, shows the sack containing Baatar Jr. being airbent out of the small hatch, making desperate noises behind his gag; Kai and Jinora catch him as the other climb out of the airship. The final shot of the capture shows Tenzin and Bumi carrying Baatar Jr. between themselves, gliding back toward the city as Kai, Jinora and Korra follow behind. Cut to Varrick's warehouse; after a brief exterior shot, the scene cuts inside, where a gagged Baatar Jr. sits regarding his captors with a glare of utter, burning dislike. Korra walks over to him and removes his gag; he gasps for air for a moment before speaking.
Baatar Jr.: You've made a terrible mistake.  Once Kuvira finds out I'm missing, you're all done for.
Korra: That's why, before she finds out, you're going to tell us how to stop that mecha giant, or else.
Baatar Jr.: Or else what?
</scene>

<scene>
The shot cuts to a close-up of Korra's face. As she looks at Baatar Jr., her eyes flare with the bright blueish-white light of the Avatar State, and she advances on Baatar, grasping him by his bonds and lifting him into the air with one arm. For a moment, he groans and tries to escape, but he regains his composure and looks confidently right back into the glowing eyes.
Baatar Jr.:  You won't hurt me. I know an empty threat when I see one.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Korra's face; after a moment, her eyes fade back to normal as she leaves the Avatar State. Exasperated and angry, she lets Baatar fall back to the floor; he groans as he crashes down before speaking to the group.
Baatar Jr.: Was this your best idea?  You've lost, only you haven't accepted it yet.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Suyin, walking over to Korra.
Suyin: Let me talk to him.
</scene>

<scene>
Korra steps back, giving Suyin to floor. As she walks toward her son, the scene cuts to Air Temple Island, where Baatar's airship pulls up next to the central tower. A shot from Raiko's office shows the airship lowering itself to the level of the open floor-to-ceiling window as Raiko, Lin and a few guards stand waiting. Two doors on the side of the airship slide open, revealing two soldiers on the other side; as a metal walkway extends outwards and downwards toward the president and the chief, they step onto it, letting it take them down toward the conquered leaders. The walkway hits the stone floor of the office, coming to a stop. Raiko, Lin, and the soldiers stand waiting for Baatar to emerge. A few seconds pass in silence; the soldiers turn to peer toward the empty doorway after a moment before turning back around to face Raiko and Lin. A third soldier comes running hurriedly down the walkway, and the two other soldiers have a quick, hushed discussion.
Soldier #1: Are you sure?
Soldier #2: Check the engine room.
Raiko:  What's going on? Is everything all right?
Soldier #3:  Just a minute, sir.  I'm telling you, I looked everywhere.
Lin:  All right, enough whispering!
Raiko: I'm ready to discuss the terms of the surrender with Baatar Jr. Where is he?
Soldier #3: Uh ... I'm not really sure.
</scene>

<scene>
Upon hearing this, Lin and Raiko give each other looks of grave uncertainty. Cut to the warehouse, where Suyin kneels in front of her son.
Suyin: Baatar --
Baatar Jr.: If you think I'm going to spill all my secrets to you, Mother, you're sadly mistaken.
Suyin: Why are you doing this? I know you set out to help better the world, but this is madness!
Baatar Jr.: It's madness to let others take what's yours and accept it blindly! The United Republic belongs to us, and we're taking it back.
Suyin: But at what cost? How many people have to lose their lives before Kuvira is satisfied?
Baatar Jr.:  It doesn't have to cost any lives if you would all just surrender! All that Kuvira and I want is a united Earth Empire!
Suyin:  I don't know what I did to hurt you, but whatever it was, I'm sorry. When you left Zaofu, it broke my heart --  -- and our family has never been the same since. Please, Baatar -- stop all this and come home.  We want you back with us.
Baatar Jr.:  Kuvira is my family now.
</scene>

<scene>
Suyin closes her eyes, and tears run down her face. The shot cuts to Tenzin, Bumi, and Korra, who have been watching Suyin and Baatar's conversation. Korra turns her head to Tenzin.
Korra: We've been going about his all wrong.  You're right. I'm not gonna physically hurt you if you don't talk. But there is something I could do that will be even more painful.  I will take away the one thing you care for the most ... Kuvira.
The angry expression on Baatar's face instantly evaporates into shock, but he collects himself again.
Baatar Jr.: What do you mean?
Korra: Kuvira might win. She might chase us out of the city. But you won't be around to enjoy the victory. Because wherever I run, I'll take you. I am going to make it my life's mission to never let you see the one you love again.  Is taking the city worth losing Kuvira forever?
Baatar Jr.:  No! You can't!
Korra: I will ... unless you convince Kuvira to back off. You two will still have the Earth Empire. Just leave the United Republic alone.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Baatar's face, overflowing with shock and disbelief. The scene switches back to the confusion on Air Temple Island. Both groups are standing idly, waiting for Baatar to show himself. Raiko checks his watch. From on board the airship, another soldier appears, holding a two-way radio.
Soldier #4: It's Kuvira. She wants to talk to Baatar. What should I tell her?
In unison, the soldiers' heads all turn toward Raiko and Lin. Raiko, out of patience, steps forward.
Raiko: For goodness' sake, give me that radio! Let me talk to her.
The soldier with the radio complies, stepping down the walkway and giving Raiko the radio. He speaks into it.
Raiko: Kuvira, this is Raiko. What kind of game are you playing? You told me you would send Baatar over with your terms, and then he doesn't show.
Kuvira:  What do you mean, "he didn't show"?
Raiko: According to your people, he's not on the airship.
Kuvira:  If he's not on the airship, then where is he?
A brief burst of static interrupts the conversation. Baatar Jr.'s voice fills the cockpit.
Baatar Jr.:  Kuvira? It's Baatar.  I've been captured. My airship was ambushed and I was taken by force. Korra refuses to release me unless we back down and leave the city.
Kuvira:  Are you injured?
Baatar Jr.:  I'm fine.
Kuvira: Is the Avatar there with you now?
Baatar Jr.: Yes, everyone is here.
Kuvira metalbends a switch on her control panel, disallowing her voice to be heard over the other end of the line. She turns to an operator on her left.
Kuvira: Find out where that signal's coming from.
As the operator goes to work, Baatar's voice comes through again.
Baatar Jr.: Listen to me.  If you try to take Republic City, the Avatar will never let me see you again ... and I refuse to live that way.  Forget the United Republic; we have our empire! We have each other!  Let's go back home and get married. The only thing that matters is that we're together for the rest of our lives.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut back to the cockpit. The operator turns his masked face to Kuvira.
Mecha operator: We've identified their position.
Kuvira flips the switch back up and talks, her voice thick with emotion.
Kuvira: You're right. This city isn't worth sacrificing our life together.  I love you, Baatar.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the warehouse, where Korra releases Baatar from his bonds.
Korra: As soon as we work out terms with Kuvira, we'll let you out of here.
</scene>

<scene>
The shot zooms to the window on the right, as Mako stands next to it. Through it, in the distance, the colossal mecha can be seen, moving. A cut to the thing itself shows its arms rising upwards, the left steadying the right as the massive barrel swings upward into place. The mecha suit is entering the incipient phases of its firing sequence. Mako turns his head to look out the window. His eyes widen as he realizes what is about to happen.
Mako:  Guys! She must have our location! She's pointing that weapon right at us!
Baatar Jr.:  No! She wouldn't!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the barrel of the weapon, the telltale purplish glow rising deep within it. Quick zoom back to the warehouse as Korra whirls around, terror and panic on her face.
Korra: Everyone out! Now! Now!
</scene>

<scene>
With a flicker and a ear-splitting boom, the cannon fires, the ray of purple energy screaming across the water of the bay, vaporizing the water it hits as it rises upward. As the beam tears through the factory, it lays waste to the room where the hummingbird mecha suits sit, destroying them in a flash of light and a crushing explosion. Cut to the people within, fleeing as the beam blasts through the room. It passes behind them and the room instantaneously detonates, a blinding fireball rising from the floor beneath and throwing the helpless men and women off their feet into a cloud of dust. They disappear from view as the shot cuts to the outside. The ray of energy dies and the warehouse lies in a smoking, ruinous heap, the water flowing toward the ruined structure through a channel carved into the ground by the beam. Cut to Air Temple Island, where a billowing column of black smoke rises into the air, easily visible in the distance. The low rumble of the massive explosion rolls across the bay. Cut to Raiko and Lin as Raiko drops a pair of binoculars from his eyes.
Raiko:  No!
Lin:  Keep the president safe! I'm going to check for survivors.
</scene>

<scene>
She jumps from the balcony, the sound of her bending her cables can be heard offscreen. Cut to the mecha lowering its arms, followed by Kuvira in the cockpit. She breathes in, her head turned away from the shot and her eyes closed for a moment as she fights back emotion, and exhales, dropping her head. Her face void of emotion once more and filled with a disassociated resolve, Kuvira raises her eyes to the city beyond.
Roll credits.
Main Asami Sato Bolin Korra Lin Beifong Mako Raiko Tenzin Varrick Zhu Li Antagonists Baatar Jr. Kuvira Military of the Earth Empire: Minor Bumi Ikki Iroh Jinora Kai Meelo Opal Beifong Suyin Beifong Wei and Wing Wu<scene>
Shiro Shinobi:  Korra has regained her memory. By connecting with the original Avatar, Korra learned that to stop Unalaq she must close the spirit portal before Harmonic Convergence, which is only weeks away! Meanwhile, Varrick has made Bolin into a mover star and saved Asami's company. Mako is the only one who suspects that Varrick is up to no good, but can he prove it?
</scene>

<scene>
The episode opens at the Eastern Air Temple. Cut to Jinora playing with a light green dragonfly bunny spirit.
Jinora: Gotcha!  Furry-Foot, come back.
The spirit returns and lands on Jinora's head; four other dragonfly bunny spirits come close. Jinora laughs.
Tenzin:  Jinora, there you are. Come on, everyone's waiting.  Were you playing with someone?
Jinora: Oh, just some ... imaginary friends.
</scene>

<scene>
Jinora giggles as Furry-Foot appears on Tenzin's head while he walks away. Cut to two Air Acolytes standing in the gallery.
Kya:  Stop telling lies.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to courtyard, where Tenzin's family is gathered. Tenzin and Jinora walk in.
Bumi: It's true. I once beat an earthbender in a rock-throwing contest! I have the trophy to prove it.
Tenzin: All right, who's ready for an exciting tour of the Eastern Air Temple? We've got a lot to see today, including ancient statues, ancient gardens,  and the meditation hall used by ancient airbenders.
Ikki:  Yay. Old things.
Korra enters the courtyard.
Tenzin:  Korra?
Jinora, Ikki and Meelo:  Korra! Yay, Korra! Korra's back! 
Pema: What are you doing here?
Ikki:  Oh, I've missed you!
Kya: And how did you know where to find us?
Korra: Tenzin's itinerary. We went over it like a hundred times before we left Republic City.
Tenzin:  See? This is why schedules are important.
Korra: It's so great to see you all again.
Tenzin: It's great to see you too, but why aren't you training at the South Pole?
Korra:  Wait, you don't know about the Civil War?
Tenzin:  What? No. We've been out of touch with the outside world since we started our vacation.
Bumi: Tenzin's idea. What happened?
Korra: So much. I-I don't know where to start.
Tenzin: Just tell us everything!
Korra: Everything?  Okay. I opened a spirit portal at the South Pole, but then Unalaq turned out to be a bad guy and wanted to take control of the South, so I sort of started a Civil War, but when I went to find some help, I was attacked by my cousins, and then by a giant dark spirit, and then I forgot who I was, and then I met the first Avatar, and then I realized I shouldn't have opened the portal in the first place, and now I need to close it again!
Tenzin: I knew this would happen.  So Avatar Wan imprisoned this dark spirit Vaatu in the Spirit World?
Korra: Yes, and now I think my uncle is trying to free him.
Tenzin: I knew Unalaq was hungry for power, but never realized how far he would go to get it.
Korra: This is all my fault.
Tenzin: No, don't blame yourself. This is Unalaq's doing. Now, we must focus on setting things right before he can do any more damage.
Korra: Thank you.
Tenzin: So, you need to close the Southern portal, but if Unalaq's army controls the South, how are we going to get to it?
Korra: I thought about that. My best chance to close the portal is from the inside.  I have to enter the Spirit World.
Tenzin: A journey to the Spirit World. All my years of spiritual training have prepared me for this moment.  I will help you. Today, we enter the Spirit World.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the Southern Spirit Portal, where Unalaq and his children are standing.
Desna: Father, what are we doing here?
Unalaq: You're here to straighten out the mess you caused when you failed to capture the Avatar.
Desna: I told you, it wasn't our fault.
Unalaq: You're right. It was my fault for trusting you. Harmonic Convergence is almost upon us. This is my opportunity to change the world.
Eska: We'll make it up to you, Father.
Unalaq: Good, because I'll need your help to open the northern portal.
Desna:  I thought only the Avatar could do it.
Unalaq: I believe there is another way.
</scene>

<scene>
Unalaq and his children enter the portal. Cut to the Spirit World, where they emerge.
Unalaq: This way.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the trio walking up to the tree where Vaatu is imprisoned as they look at the closed northern portal.
Unalaq: There it is, the northern portal.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to an aerial view of the Spirit World, which is the same area where Wan and Raava battled with Vaatu ten thousand years ago. Cut to the filming set of The Adventures of Nuktuk: Hero of the South. Close-up of Bolin's face, screaming. The camera rotates to reveal him, dressed as Nuktuk, suspended upside-down by props resembling eagle talons.
Director: Cut! Okay, that's lunch, everyone.
</scene>

<scene>
A bell rings and the scene fades to where all the crew members have left the set. Only Bolin is left there, still suspended by the props.
Bolin: Hello? Anyone? Nuktuk's still up here, all alone.  Asami! Hey, what are you doing here?
Asami: Varrick invited me to watch some of the filming.  Are you filming right now?
Bolin: Right now? Nope. We're uh ... we're at lunch.
Mako:  Asami, there you are. Is Bolin around?
Bolin:  Up here. 
Mako: Good. I've got something to tell you both.
Bolin:  Ahh! Ow, aww. Oh, I got to stop doing my own stunts.
Mako: I found out who's been stealing from Future Industries:  Varrick.
Bolin: What? No.
Asami:  He attacked his own ship?
Mako: Yes! It was a ploy. He wants Republic City to go to war, and he wants control of the businesses that stand to profit the most from it. He already had all the shipping. All he needed was Future Industries.
Asami: Varrick helped save Future Industries. He's my business partner now, not an evil mastermind.  Mako, you seemed stressed.
Mako: I am stressed!
Bolin: See, this is why I had to move out.
Asami: You guys aren't living together anymore?
Bolin: Nope. It was time for this eagle hawk to spread his wings and fly. 
Asami:  Sounds like you've had a pretty busy week.  Maybe you just need to relax.
Bolin:  Wait a minute. Are you two—  you're dating again? What?
Mako: Dating? No!
Asami: That's crazy!
Bolin: Korra just left a week ago!
Mako:  Guys, listen to me. Varrick is up to no good, and I have proof. The detonators he uses in his movers are exactly like the one I found at the cultural center attack.  And those explosions were exactly like the ones the captain reported when Asami's shipment was hijacked. Don't you see?
Asami:  Anyone could have gotten their hands on one of those detonators.
Bolin: Yeah. Let it go, Mako.  Let it go.
Mako:  Gah! No! I'm not going to let it go!
</scene>

<scene>
Mako turns around and walks off. Bolin stared after him along with Asami. Cut to Mako walking down the corridor where he is stopped by two bodyguards.
Bodyguard:  Varrick's been looking for you. 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the Eastern Air Temple, where Tenzin and Korra are standing at a platform.
Tenzin:  You're lucky. This temple is the most spiritual of all the air temples.  Why, this very garden is where my father met Guru Pathik.
Korra: Wow! Spirit World, here we come.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a field where Korra and Tenzin are meditating. Meelo is ringing a bell, while Ikki is playing a horn by airbending, producing a low droning sound.
Korra:  Are you in the Spirit World?
Tenzin:  I would be if Meelo could ring his bell at the appropriate intervals.
Meelo:  Aww, did I do it wrong?
Tenzin:  Let's try something else. 
Korra:  I thought your bell ringing was just fine.
Meelo: Thanks! 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a mountainside where an Air Nomad's face is carved on. Tenzin and Korra are once again meditating, now surrounded by burning incense sticks attached to talismans with the airbending symbol that Kya placed there. Close-up of Tenzin's face.
Tenzin:  Kya, this is too much smoke. You set it up wrong. This isn't going to work.
Kya:  I'm sorry. I did what you told me.
Tenzin:  Well, the moment's ruined. 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Jinora's point of view, where she notices multiple dragonfly bunny spirits circling around Korra.
Korra:  We could have tried a little longer. 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut back to Jinora's point of view, where the spirits fly off into the wilderness. The green-colored spirit looks back before flying off, as it gesturing for her.
Jinora:  Come back, Furry-Foot.
Kya: Hey, Jinora, what are you chasing?
Jinora: Nothing.
</scene>

<scene>
Jinora catches up with her father, while her aunt looks on with suspicion. Cut to the temple interior where Tenzin and Korra are meditating beneath a statue of Avatar Yangchen.
Tenzin: Focus, Korra. Focus.
Korra: I am focusing.
Tenzin: No talking. Feel the energy of the universe.
Korra: Okay, I feel it.
Tenzin:  Korra, really! I'm trying to concentrate here! I don't think this location is going to work either.
Korra: What's going on with you? First, you're blaming Meelo, then Kya, and now me.
Tenzin: Well, nothing is feeling right to me.
Korra: I don't want to rush your feelings, but we're kind of in a hurry. How did you first get into the Spirit World? Let's try that.
Tenzin: Well ... actually, I've never been into the Spirit World.
Korra is shocked by the revelation, while Tenzin's family members peer into the temple from the outside.
Korra: You've never been into the Spirit World?
Pema: But you used to spend days in the temple meditating.
Tenzin: Trying to get in. It never happened. It's my greatest shortcoming as an airbender, spiritual leader, and son of Aang.
Bumi:  Welcome to the "I Disappoint Dad" club.
Kya: If you've never been to the Spirit World, how were you planning to get Korra into it?
Tenzin: I've spent years studying the techniques and theories of ancient spiritual leaders. Now that the Avatar needs me, it must be my time.
Korra: Tenzin, Harmonic Convergence is almost here. If Vaatu escapes from the Spirit World—
Tenzin: You have to trust me. I can help you.
Kya: There might be another way. Jinora, is there something you want to tell Korra?
Tenzin: Jinora? She's too young and untrained to have any knowledge about spiritual matters.
Jinora: Actually, I think I do know where Korra needs to go to get into the Spirit World.
Tenzin: And how would you know that?
Jinora: My spirit friends showed me.  It's okay. You can show yourselves. 
Tenzin: How did you do that?
Pema:  Jinora.
Meelo:  Bunnies!
Jinora: Actually, they're dragonfly bunny spirits.
Kya: I knew it. Looks like she does know something about spiritual matters.
The dragonfly bunny spirits fly out of the temple, while Ikki and Meelo give chase.
Ikki: So cute!
Meelo: Bunnies!
Ikki: Come back!
Tenzin: How long have you been able to do this?
Jinora: I don't know.  I guess I've always kind of had a connection with spirits. 
Bumi:  I think this one likes me.
Korra: Are they here to help? 
Jinora: I think they want you to go down there.
Tenzin: I don't know. The spiritual energy is historically strongest near the temple.
Korra: No offense, but I'm guessing the spirits have actually been to the Spirit World, so I'm gonna follow them.
Bumi:  If we need to go to the Tenzin World, we'll call you.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut back to the Spirit World, where Unalaq and his children approach the closed Northern portal.
Eska: Father, haven't the spirits had ten thousand years to open this portal?
Desna: If they could not succeed, what makes you think we will?
Unalaq: By entering the Spirit World through the portal, we bring with us something the spirits never had: our bending.  Join me! Together, we can open this portal.
Eska and Desna assist their father by bending their respective water streams. The portal reacts, sending purple energy which disrupts their streams and injures Desna, throwing him backward and groaning in pain.
Eska:  Desna!
Unalaq: Leave him! Keep bending! 
Eska:  He needs a healer at once!
Unalaq: This is more important!
Eska:  I'm taking him back.
</scene>

<scene>
Eska carries her brother away from the Spirit World. Unalaq continues bending at the portal, but he is unsuccessful. He bends more water, freezing it into an ice drill, but still to no avail. Unalaq looks on in disappointment. Cut to Varrick's office which is glowing orange. The door opens and the two bodyguards shove Mako in. The camera zooms out to show Varrick and the floor which is covered with burning coal.
Varrick: I hear you've got some ideas. You wanna tell me about them?
Mako: Go ahead. Torture me all you want. I'm not gonna talk.
Varrick: Torture? The only thing I want to torture is this pesky foot fungus.  Ah! Eee! Ooh! The burning means it's working.  I heard you've been investigating the recent attacks on my ships, and I think you know that I know that you know, you know?
Mako: Know what?
Varrick: That the world is a dangerous place, and that's exactly why I want to offer you a job on my security force.
Mako: I have a job.
Varrick: We need you. Me, Asami, Bolin. We're all in the same team here. We want you to join us. You wouldn't want anything to happen to Asami, would you? I mean, I heard you and her were kind of, uh, an item again. Or what about your brother?
Mako: What are you saying?
Varrick:  I'm saying I want your help to protect them. Without you, who knows what could happen.
Mako: Thanks for your concern, but the answer is no.
</scene>

<scene>
Mako leaves, while Varrick returns to walking on the hot coal. Cut back to the Eastern Air Temple, where Korra, Tenzin, Kya, Bumi and Jinora are riding atop Oogi while following the dragonfly bunny spirits.
Bumi:  Oh, you are just so cute. I'm going to name you Bum-Ju. It's short for "Bumi Junior".  Don't you think he looks like me?
Tenzin:  The resemblance is uncanny.
Jinora:  I think Dad's mad at me.
Kya:  Your father's not mad. His pride's just a little bruised since he isn't able to see spirits like you.
Korra: You have a natural gift. That's pretty lucky.
Jinora: You're the lucky one. You actually got to meet the first Avatar. I know about a lot of Avatars, but I don't know anything about him. Is it even a him? Or is it her?
Korra: It's a him, Avatar Wan. He was amazing. I saw how he became the first Avatar by fusing with Raava, the Spirit of Light.
Jinora: The Avatar is part spirit? Of course! Just like the statue.
Kya: What statue?
Jinora: When we were at the Southern Air Temple, I was drawn to this old carving. I couldn't figure out what it was until now. It was the first Avatar.
Korra: When did this happen?
Jinora: It was on the solstice.
Korra: That's the day I opened the Southern portal.
Korra and Jinora: Whoa.
Bumi:  We're here!
Tenzin: Are you sure these spirits are leading us into the right place?
Bumi: Of course! I trust Bum-Ju with my life.
The dragonfly bunny spirits lead the group to a circle surrounded by rocks. The rocks are overgrown with vines and have an airbending symbol on it.
Korra: Look. There are carvings on them.
Tenzin: This is an ancient airbender meditation circle.
Jinora: There's a lot of spiritual energy in this place, but it feels really strange.
Tenzin: We'll have to perform a spiritual cleansing ceremony.
Bumi: What are you talking about?
Tenzin: Dad taught it to me. This site has been neglected for many years. A cleansing ceremony will help strengthen its connections to the Spirit World.
The group seats down in a meditative stance. Tenzin bends the smoke from an incense burner, encircling the group. As the smoke approaches the dragonfly bunny spirits, they fly off.
Bumi:  Good job, you cleansed the area of the only spirits that want to help us, and you scared away Bum-Ju.
Tenzin ignores his brother and continues bending the smoke. As he bends the third circle, the ground around rumbles.
Tenzin: It's working.
The other members of the group look on in fear as the rumbling strengthens. The center of the circle suddenly opens and swarms of bat-like dark spirits fly out. The spirits fly out into the sky before swarming toward the group.
Bumi: Ah! Bats! Evil bats! 
Korra: Not bats. Dark spirits.
The dark spirits fly out and back into the circle. Korra and Tenzin attempt to bend at the spirits, but they manage to overwhelm their bending abilities and fly back to the circle, causing everyone to cower to the ground.
Tenzin: What are we supposed to do?
Korra follows the dark spirits and runs to the circle. She meditates before waterbending at them, trapping them in an enclosure. She purifies the spirits, causing them to glow gold.
Kya:  Amazing.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the outside of the circle where the purified spirits dissipate in a golden glow. The overgrowing vegetation on the circle eventually retreats and disappears.
Tenzin: Your spiritual training has come a long way.
Korra: Unalaq may be a horrible person, but his spirit powers are no joke.
Tenzin:  He taught you how to transform dark spirits. I can't even get you into the Spirit World.
Korra: Everything Unalaq taught me was to help himself. Everything you've done was meant to help me. I am so sorry for turning my back on you as my mentor. I need you now more than ever.
Tenzin: I won't let you down.
Korra walks up to her mentor and hugs him. Tenzin's family looks on with pride, while his sister is wiping off a tear.
Tenzin: The ancient airbenders must have built this site. If we meditate here, we'll be able to enter the Spirit World.
Korra: Why don't you go first?
Tenzin: After all these years, my father's dreams for me will finally come true.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut back to Republic City, outside Mako's apartment. Cut to the inside where Mako is looking through multiple documents when a knock on the door is heard. Mako opens the door to see Asami waiting.
Asami: Hi. 
Mako: Did you come by to tell me how paranoid I am?
Asami:  No. I just wanted to come by to make sure you're okay. You seemed so agitated earlier.
Mako: I'm fine.
Asami: Maybe you need a night off. Why don't we go get some dinner?
Mako: No, thanks. I'm a little busy.
Asami: Too busy for Kwong's Cuisine?  Remember? We had our first date there.
Mako: Maybe I do need to get my mind off things. 
Lu:  Police!  Hey, Mako.  Hope we didn't interrupt you two lovebirds.
Mako: What's going on?
Lu: We busted some Triple Threats who said you hired them for a job. 
Mako: All right.  It's true. We were trying to figure out who stole Asami's stuff, so we hired them for a sting operation. I'm sorry for going behind your back. 
Lin: According to the Triple Threats, you did more than that. They said you helped them steal a warehouse full of Future Industries property.
Asami:  That's crazy! 
Mako:  You're gonna believe a bunch of criminals?
Lin: I have to follow up on a lead. 
Lu:  Well, looky what I found: cash ...  And these.
Lin: What are you doing with explosives, Mako?
Mako: I don't know where those came from.
Gang:  You're under arrest.
Mako:  None of that is mine.
Gang:  Yeah. Should've known you'd hook up with your old pals. Once a Triple Threat, always a Triple Threat.
Asami: This has to be a mistake.
Lu: Sorry to break the news to you, sweetie, but your boyfriend's just a crooked cop. That sting operation was just a way to lure you away from your warehouse.
Gang:  He was using you the whole time. 
Mako: That's not true, Asami. I would never do anything to hurt you.  It's Varrick. This is all Varrick. He set me up!
Gang: Yeah, it's Varrick's fault. Varrick.  Varrick.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut back to the Eastern Air Temple. Tenzin is meditating in the circle, while everyone is waiting around a bonfire.
Bumi:  You in the Spirit World yet?
Tenzin: No, I am not,  and stop bugging me. 
Kya: It's okay, Tenzin. Maybe you weren't meant to guide Korra into the Spirit World.
Tenzin:  No! Just give me some time.
Kya:  Stop being so stubborn. It's not your destiny. I think Jinora was meant to guide the Avatar.
Tenzin:  Jinora will not enter the Spirit World! She's not ready for the dangers of the other side, but I am. I've spent years training, studying, and mastering everything there is to know about the Spirit World.
Korra: Tenzin, we're running out of time.
Tenzin: If everyone could just be quiet and let me  focus. 
Jinora: Aunt Kya is right. I can guide Korra into the Spirit World. I'll be all right.
Tenzin:  Perhaps I will never have the connections with spirits like I always wanted ... like my father wanted me to have.
Jinora:  It's okay, Daddy.
Tenzin: I'm proud of you.  Go. Close the portal. We'll wait here and keep your bodies safe till you return.
Korra:  We'll be all right.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Korra and Jinora meditating, while Bumi, Kya and Tenzin watch on. Cut to a close-up of Jinora, before cutting back to Korra, whose eyes glow. Cut to the two girls meditating. As Korra and Jinora overlap, the background changes from the meditation circle to the Spirit World.
Korra:  The Spirit World.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Unalaq standing in front of Vaatu.
Unalaq: The Avatar is dead, and we cannot open the Northern portal. I have failed you, Vaatu.
Vaatu: You have not failed me ... yet. The Avatar still lives.
Unalaq: How do you know?
Vaatu: Even though my connection to Raava was severed, I can still feel her presence.
Unalaq: I'll find her.
Vaatu: The Avatar will find you.  She has just entered the Spirit World.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to credits.
Main Asami Sato Bumi Jinora Korra Kya Mako Tenzin Antagonists Unalaq Vaatu Varrick: Minor Assistant director Bolin Desna and Eska Ikki Lin Beifong Lu and Gang Meelo Pema Security guard<scene>
Admit mistakes when they occur and seek to restore honor. This page requires editing to meet Avatar Wiki's quality standards.
Shiro Shinobi:  The world has entered a new age. Harmonic Convergence created an energy shift the likes of which has never been felt before. And after two weeks, Republic City continues to recover from Korra's epic battle with UnaVaatu. Vines have sprouted up all over, creating pockets of wilds the spirits have come to call home. What other changes are in store for our city?
</scene>

<scene>
The scene begins with an aerial shot of Air Temple Island. Cut to a cliffside, where Bum-Ju flies away to the tree in the background.
Bumi:  Come back, Bum-Ju!  If you don't want to wear the sweater I made you, that's fine. I'm sorry I got mad!  Bum-Ju, I'm running out of tree. Can we go down now?  Ahhh!  Bum-Ju, a little help!.
Bumi soon loses his grip. Bum-Ju grabs him by biting his jacket, but only manages to pull the jacket off Bumi. As Bumi plunges, he waves his hands, bracing for impact. Moments before the impact, Bumi airbends, stopping his fall.
Bumi: Look, I'm airbending!  Ah! Ow, that still hurt a lot.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a forest, where Korra and Tenzin venture. Jinora follows them moments later, with a group of spirits trailing behind her. Cut to a wide shot of the forest, which shows the vines have actually overgrown a number of houses.
Korra: How are we ever gonna clear away all these vines?
Korra pulls her glider behind her and firebends at the vines, which startles the spirits, causing them to disappear in hiding. The vines soon grow back, and the spirits return to Jinora, who comforts one of them.
Korra:  Ugh, I don't get it. I can vanquish Vaatu but not a bunch of stupid vines? 
Tenzin: I'm sure you'll find a way.
Jinora: Why do you want to get rid of them? You changed the world. We're connected with the spirits again. The wilds are their home.
Korra: I don't think that the people who used to live here are as excited about it as you are.
</scene>

<scene>
Korra pushes aside a bunch of vines, releasing a blinding glare of light. As the glare subsides, the outside environment is revealed to be part of Republic City. Cut to a far shot of Korra exiting the wilds.
Korra:  I gotta go face the press and tell them I still don't have a way to get rid of the vines.  This should be fun. 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the City Hall, which is also overgrown with spirit vines. The press has also congregated around the entrance, while President Raiko stands in front of a podium.
Male reporter #1: Mr President, are you concerned that your approval ratings are now nearly as low as the Avatar's?  Have you seen today's headline? It says "Raik-oh no. Polls pan pres' plans".
Raiko: I'm not concerned with snappy put-downs in the press. I'm facing this calamity just like every other citizen.  There's a tree growing right through my office. You think I'm not doing everything I can to get rid of it?
Korra flies by and lands next to Raiko, creating a gust of air that ruffled up Raiko's hair, leaving him annoyed.
Reporters: Avatar Korra, few questions please.
Male reporter #2: Avatar Korra, do you regret the way you handled the Unalaq Crisis?
Female reporter #1: Why are you forcing the integration of spirits in Republic City?
Korra: Listen, I've been trying everything I can think of to get rid of these vines, but-
Male reporter #3: Why can't you fix this?
Male reporter #4: Are the vines here to stay?
Female reporter #2: Is this part of your New World Order?
Korra: Look, Harmonic Convergence was just a couple weeks ago. I just needed a little more time to get everything back to normal.
Raiko: The Avatar has put us all in a very difficult position, but my administration-
Korra:  Oh, I'm sorry. Did I put you in a difficult position by fighting the giant force of pure evil that was going to destroy the whole world?  Maybe your administration could have handled that.
Lin:  That's all, no more questions.
Raiko storms back into his office, while the crowd mumbles. As the crowd dissipates, Asami walks up to the downcast Korra.
Korra: This is a disaster.
Asami:  Don't worry, we'll figure something out.
Korra: Easy for you to say. You don't have my poll numbers. Eight percent approval? Who are they asking?
Asami: You can't take that to heart. People are just frustrated.
Korra: I don't blame them. I should be able to fix this. I'm the Avatar.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Air Temple Island, where Ikki and Meelo are playing with Pabu, when they see their uncle running toward them, panting and sweating.
Bumi: You're not gonna believe what just happened. Where's your father?
Ikki:  Dad!
Tenzin:  What is it? What's wrong?
Bumi: The most amazing, wondrous, fantastical thing just occurred. Okay,  Bum-Ju and I had a little fight.  I made him this sweater, and he didn't seem to like it, and I'll admit, it might need work, but it was my first attempt at knitting, so I was a little hurt.
Tenzin:  Hilarious.  Time for dinner, everyone.
Bumi: No, check this out.  I can airbend.  Yeah wait, seriously, I was doing it.  No hold on, I just uh, maybe if I-  No.  I swear, I'm not making it up. 
Tenzin:  Stop waving your arms around at the table. It's not funny anymore.
Bumi:  It's not a joke.
Korra: What's up with him?
Bolin: Bumi says he airbended earlier, but he can't now. Oh, and I guess he's not very good at knitting either.  I gotta say, I love being a part of this family.  You got the grumpy dad,  the wacky uncle,  the put-upon mom,  crazy kids. Well, that's just great.
Asami: Where's Mako?
Bolin: Oh, you mean the brooding teenager? He's staying in the police station.
Korra: Still?
Bolin: I told him Tenzin invited us to stay here since our apartment is a vine habitat now, but,  he said he had to focus on work. 
Bumi: Oh, did you see that? I think the napkin moved.
Kya:  You blew on it.
Bumi: Wait!  Maybe I can only do it when my life is in danger. Bolin, bend a giant boulder at me.
Bolin: Yeah, I don't think that's a good idea.
Pema:  If you're going to be bending giant boulders, you can do it outside.
Tenzin:  No one is bending giant boulders!
Meelo:  Look alive, Uncle Bumi!
As Meelo throws the plate, Bumi looks on in fear and stretches out his hands, stopping the plate in a ball of air.
Bumi:  I told you!
The rest of the table looks on in total surprise.
Tenzin: Unbelievable. You're actually an airbender.
Bumi: Wait 'till I tell Mom, she's gonna love this.
</scene>

<scene>
Bumi loses control of his bending, causing the plate to drop onto the table and shatter. Cut to the police station at night, followed by the interior of the office as the phone rings.
Mako:  Ow!  Police. He what? Slow down. Okay, I'm on my way.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the interior of the store, which is filled with shattered glassware. Mako, now in police uniform, opens the door and looks at the extent of the damage.
Mako: What the heck did all this?
Shopkeeper: It was my brother. He's out of control.
Mako:  Okay, just tell me what happened.
Shopkeeper: We were arguing about the books, and Daw was yelling at me. And all of a sudden, things started flying around. He was creating this storm, like-
Mako: Like what?
Shopkeeper: Well, like he was airbending.
Mako: Sir, that's impossible. There are only five airbenders in the entire world, and, your brother is not one of them.
Shopkeeper: I know what I saw. He was freaking out yelling: "What's happening to me?!" Then, he ran into the back room and locked himself in.
Mako:  Police. Open up.
Daw:  Go away!
Mako:  Get out here, sir, or I'm knocking this door down. One, two--
Daw airbends, unhinging the door which pins Mako down. He looks at the damage he has caused, visibly distraught.
Daw: I'm so sorry! 
Shopkeeper:  I told you. Airbending! 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut back to Air Temple Island at dawn, where Bumi tries to airbend while his family looks at him.
Bumi: Ugh, I can't figure this thing out.
Korra:  Do you think being in the Spirit World during Harmonic Convergence could have given him bending?
Tenzin: I suppose it's possible.
Ikki: Maybe Uncle Bumi is just a late bloomer.
Kya:  I have been noticing a change in your aura lately.
Bumi: And you didn't tell me? 
Lin:  Invisible spirit monster attack?
Tenzin: Lin, you won't believe this. Bumi just started airbending. 
Lin: I'm afraid he's not the only one.
Tenzin and Korra: What?
Mako: I got a call last night. About a guy who just started airbending out of nowhere.
Tenzin: You mean there's another one? Where is he now?
Mako: He ... blew a door down on me and got away. We got an all-points bulletin out on him right now.
Korra:  Wait, we'll help you look for him. Where should we start?
Mako:  Oh, well, y'know, you should leave it with the police. It's ... police business. Y'know. It's um ... official.
Korra: Okay.  How are you doing? You know, you're welcome to stay here instead of sleeping at the police station.
Mako: No, I'm fine. I should just, get going. So, as you were  ladies. 
Korra:  This is so exciting! New airbenders in the city. I bet we can find that guy before Mako does.  You know I'm not very good at this.
Asami:  You're the Avatar, master of all the elements. You should know how to drive.  Besides, it's relaxing.  Clutch! Clutch!  That's the brake. Let's try again. You ready?
The car behind honks at them, and Korra salutes to Asami, mimicking Mako. The ladies laugh.
Korra:  How long do you think talking to Mako is gonna be like pulling teeth?
Asami:  Well, Mako has never been the most ... "in touch with his feelings" guy,  but it'll get better eventually.
Korra: So, when I was gone, did he tell you that we broke up?
Asami: Yeah ... we all knew. Sorry.
Korra:  That's pretty embarrassing.
Asami: Actually, I need to tell you something about that,  and I should have told you this sooner, but ... while you were gone ... I ... kind of ... kissed him. I'm sorry.
Korra:  No wonder he's so nervous around us!
Asami: You're not mad?
Korra: No! I mean, I kissed Mako when he was going out with you, so ...
Asami:  You what?
Korra:  I'm so sorry! I thought you knew!
Asami:  I'm just kidding. I knew a long time ago.
Korra:  Well, whatever happened with Mako, I'm glad it hasn't come between us. I've never had a girlfriend to hang out with and talk to before, except for Naga. This is nice.
Asami: Vine! Vine!
Korra slams the brakes and swerves the car, narrowly missing the vines in the middle of the road. A hedgehog-like plant spirit phases toward the car and Asami gasps.
Fruithog Spirit: Hey! Watch where you're going!
Korra: What are you doing living in the middle of the road in the first place?!
Fruithog Spirit: Don't ask me, Avatar! You made the world this way; we're just living in it!
Korra: Look, I don't have anything against spirits, but these vines are causing major problems all over the city!
Fruithog Spirit: Spirits, vines. We're all the same. Seems like the Avatar would know that. 
Asami:  Korra, you okay?
Korra:  I think that spirit just gave me an idea how to get rid of these vines ...  But I'm gonna need a lot of water.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Air Temple Island, where Tenzin meditates before the statue of his father, Avatar Aang, atop Aang Memorial Island.
Tenzin: It's like a dream, Dad. After a hundred and seventy years, new airbenders.
Ikki: Dad.  When that new guy's airbending, does that make him our brother?
Tenzin: Well, in a way, all airbenders are our family.
Ikki: Does that mean I have to share my room? Because I like my personal space.
Tenzin: Of course not. But we might have to get used to not being the only airbenders around anymore.
Meelo: I hope we have enough for an army.  I want to be Commander like Uncle Bumi.
Jinora: Air Nomads don't have armies, Meelo.
Tenzin: But maybe, there will be enough to fill the temples again. 
Jinora: What's wrong, Daddy?
Tenzin: I just wish your grandfather was here to see this.
Meelo: Will you be airbender President?
Tenzin: No, but I think the new airbenders will need lots of help and guidance to understand what it means to be part of our nation. That's a big responsibility.
Meelo:  Don't worry dad, we'll help you. 
Tenzin: I know you will. 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a building overlooking a bridge which is overgrown with spirit vines. Korra, Lin, and Bolin are standing on the bridge, while Raiko and the small group of reporters approach them.
Korra: I hope this works.  What are you guys doing here?
Raiko: I was alerted that you had a new plan to wipe out these noxious weed. So I thought you'd want everyone to be here to watch.
Male reporter #5: Avatar Korra,  do you really think-
Korra:  No questions! Just stand there. Silently!
Korra approaches the vines. She focuses and enters the Avatar State and bends out swirls of water around the vines. As she closes the loops, she infuses positive spiritual energies to the water, causing them to glow gold. The vines slowly retreat, and the press look on in awe. When the vines fully retreat, Korra stops bending and bows in respect.
Korra: Go in peace. 
Male reporter #6: How did you know what to do?
Male reporter #7: Will you send the spirits away now? 
Female reporter #3: How soon can we expect public water service to resume?
A loud splash is heard as the vines suddenly grow back, startling everyone. The vines grow denser than before, and has also grown to inundate the opposite block. A boy standing by the window recoils in shock at the state of the growth. The weight of the vine causes the building to tilt toward the bridge.
Korra:  Look out! 
The guards escort the worried Raiko away. Bolin and Lin run forward and both bend out a rock pillar to stop the building from toppling over. Korra barges open the door with airbending and looks at the worried occupants.
Korra: Let's go, people! Hurry.
Korra looks on as the people evacuate. She opens her glider and flies to the window where the boy is trapped. She reaches out to grab the child when rumbling causes her to gasp.
Korra:  Hang on.
Korra dives down and land on the ground. She flips and stops the tip with airbending while the remaining occupants flee the danger. She strains herself and slowly lets the tip land softly. Bolin and Lin walk up to her.
Bolin: I think that could've gone better.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Air Temple Island, where Korra is meditating in a pavilion. Tenzin walks up to her.
Korra: Can't talk. Meditating.
Tenzin: You must be at the end of your rope. You hate meditating.
Korra: I thought if I really tried I might be able to contact my past Avatars, someone who knows something to help me, but I can't. They're gone and I'm all alone.  Did I ruin everything by leaving the spirit portals open?
Tenzin: You didn't ruin anything. You did what you thought was best for the world, and now things have changed.  Change can be good or bad, depending on your point of view.
Korra:  I know the people's point of view. It's bad.
Tenzin: You're not the President, Korra. Your job isn't to fix the daily problems of every person in Republic City. Your responsibility is to bring balance to the entire world, and that means no matter what you do, some people are not going to be happy about it.
Korra: Right. 
Tenzin: On the other hand, some people will be very happy.  Like me. What you did during Harmonic Convergence may have brought back the Air Nation, and that can only be good for restoring balance. That is the act of a great Avatar.
Korra: It's scary. I have all this power and all these people depending on me, but I don't know what I am supposed to be doing half the time. It seems like I should be ... wiser.
Tenzin: True wisdom begins when we accept things as they are. You've started a new age, Korra. There's no going back to the past. 
Bolin: Mako called!  The cops found a new airbender guy, but when they tried to bring him in, he ran away and climbed to the top of Kyoshi Bridge and won't come down. Ooh sorry, did I interrupt an Avatar wisdom session?
Korra:  Avatar wisdom is the thing of the past, Bolin.  Come on.
Bolin: Oh okay. Is that a good thing?
Korra: Depends who you ask.
</scene>

<scene>
Scene shifts to Kyoshi Bridge. Oogi flies down and lands on the bridge. Korra, Tenzin, and Bolin jump off Oogi. Korra walks up between Lin and Mako.
Lin:  Come down immediately, or we will be forced to take action.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Daw, who chatters, trembles and holding onto the bridge, while looking around wondrously.
Daw:  Stay back! I'm dangerous.
Metalbender cop attacks him. He defends himself using an air dome, knocking off all the metalbenders.
Daw:  Sorry!
The metalbenders fire their cables toward the bridge before swinging back to the ground. Korra grabs her glider and flies to the top of the bridge.
Korra: Don't panic, I'm just here to talk.
Daw: Please, I don't know what I'm doing and I don't want to hurt anyone.
Korra: Tell me about it. Rough day, huh? I'm having kind of a rough day myself. You mind if I sit down here?
Daw:  Huh.
Korra: Look, I know you're scared. You've gone through a big change and its kind of my fault. But you're not alone, there are other airbenders and they want to help you. Actually, they are really excited to meet you.
Daw: I don't want to be an airbender. Please, you're the Avatar, make it stop. Ahh! 
Korra: I'm sorry, I can't, but I promise you things will get better if you just give it a chance. Let me take you over to Air Temple Island and we can talk this through. Okay? 
Korra reaches out her hand in a welcoming manner. Daw hesitates, but soon reaches his hand back to Korra. He takes a step, but loses his footing, plunging down the bridge.
Daw: Oh! Ahh!
Korra dives down, opens her glider and saves Daw. The crowd cheers at the save. Tenzin approaches Daw.
Korra: Daw, this is Tenzin. He is going to help you.
Tenzin:  It is absolutely my pleasure to meet you, Daw. I have never met a new airbender before. Well, at least not one whose diaper I didn't have to change.
Daw: Actually, I just fell off a bridge so I could use a fresh diaper right about now. 
Raiko: So, is this the deal?  We have crisis every other day now thanks to you.
Korra: Listen, I know you're having a tough time getting used to these changes and I'm sorry for that, but you and everyone else are going to have to learn live with it. The vines and the spirits are here to stay.
Raiko: Well, you know who's not here to stay?  You! I order you to leave this city. You've caused nothing but trouble since you arrived. 
Korra: Don't worry, I was already leaving.
Korra and Raiko walk away from each other in opposite direction. Korra looks down smiling.
Korra: I can see my path now. There are new airbenders out there and I'm going to find them and rebuild the Air Nation.
Tenzin: Don't think I'm not going with you. It's so exciting. Who knows who's out there now, discovering the gift of airbending for the first time?
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a mountainous region. A retractable bridge extends. Several White Lotus sentries walk to the building, and the bridge retracts while they take fighting stances. A sentry walks forward and metalbends the octagonal door open, revealing an octagonal prison cell with an inmate seated in calm composure.
White Lotus sentry: You know the drill, Zaheer.
Zaheer: Of course. 
White Lotus sentry: Hope you still like rice.
Zaheer: Have you ever read the poetry of the great airbending guru, Laghima?
White Lotus sentry: What?
Zaheer: Guru Laghima lived four thousand years ago in the Northern Air Temple. It is said that he unlocked the secret of weightlessness and became untethered from the earth, living his final forty years without ever touching the ground.
White Lotus sentry:  Is that how you plan to escape? With something you picked up from an old airbender children's story?
Zaheer: Like all great children's tales, it contains truth within the myth. Laghima once wrote: "Instinct is a lie, told by a fearful body, hoping to be wrong."
White Lotus sentry: What's that supposed to mean?
Zaheer: It means that when you base your expectations only on what you see,  you blind yourself to the possibilities of a new reality.
Zaheer suddenly airbends, slamming the sentry against the prison bars. He runs forward and turns the sentry's body, grabbing him by the neck. The remaining sentries prepare to attack, but withhold themselves.
Zaheer: Uh, uh, uh. You wouldn't want to singe your friend, would you?
White Lotus sentry:  How? You're not a ... bender.
Zaheer: Nature is constantly changing. Like the wind.
Zaheer pulls the keys off from the sentry. On unlocking the door, he airbends, slamming his hostage against the wall. He slides out of his cell, narrowly avoiding a sentry's firebending attack, before airbending the sentries off their feet. He leaps up and grabs the firebender, throwing him into the cell. Zaheer avoids an earthbending attack and leaps off a bent earth wall, before climbing up the wall with airbending. Perched, he avoids a fire blast and leaps behind the firebender, before throwing him to the cell with airbending. He runs up a wall, avoiding the attacks from the remaining two sentries. He airbends them off their feet, before airbending them into the cell. He quickly locks the cell.
Zaheer: Now you might want to ration that bowl of rice. You've got three weeks until the next shift change. It's the dawning of a new age. The end of the White Lotus, and soon, the end of the Avatar.
Zaheer walks toward the edge of the cliff. He leaps down the cliff, using airbending to cushion his fall from ledge to ledge.
Fade to credits.
Main Asami Sato Bolin Bumi Daw Korra Lin Beifong Mako Tenzin Antagonists Zaheer: Minor Daw's brother Fruithog Ikki Jinora Kya Meelo Pema President Raiko Rohan White Lotus sentries<scene>
Shiro Shinobi:  It's brother versus brother in the war of the Water Tribes. After Korra discovered that Chief Unalaq betrayed her and her father, she turned against him, sparking civil war. The Southern rebels rallied around Tonraq, but they are vastly outnumbered, so Korra is headed to Republic City to seek aid. But will she be able to convince President Raiko to send troops to help the South?
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to an aerial shot of the Republic City harbor, where Varrick's yacht is docked. Cut to Chief Lin Beifong, who oversees Water Tribe criminals being loaded into trucks before noticing Team Avatar departing the yacht. Lin walks up to Korra and Mako.
Lin: Welcome home, Avatar.  Thanks for starting a war.
Korra:  I didn't start a war. Well, I did, but it's more complicated than you're making it seem.
Lin: Mako, I want you back on the beat. There's going to be a Southern Water Tribe peace march tonight. I need you there to make sure things don't get out of hand.
Mako: I'm all yours.
Korra: I'll go too. The people of the South need to see that the Avatar is on their side in the fight against the Northern invaders.
Lin:  Great, that should calm them down. 
Mako: Maybe you should sit this out.
Korra: What?
Mako: I just think having you there blatantly supporting one side will only make things worse. You could at least try to seem neutral.
Korra: I'm not neutral! The North invaded my home. The only reason I'm here is to get the Republic to send troops to help the South.
Varrick: Zhu Li's already scheduled a meeting for us with President Raiko tomorrow. We'll get them on board.
Mako: Whatever, I gotta go to work. 
Asami: I better go check on my factory. 
Korra: I'm going to find out about this peace march. 
Varrick: And I am dying for a pedicure. 
Bolin: So, um, what should I be doing?
Mako: I don't know, Bolin. Figure something out.
Varrick:  Say, kid, have you ever seen Republic City at night? 
Bolin: Sure, I live here.
Varrick: Have you really seen it?
Bolin: Y- no?
Varrick:  That's what I thought. Come on.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the Southern Water Tribe war room.
General:  Tonraq and the rebels are holed up here in the hills outside of town.
Unalaq: Leave them. My brother's no threat to us up there. Increase security around the spirit portal. Keeping it safe is our number one priority.
General: Yes, sir!
The general leaves the war room. He opens the door to find Desna and a deranged Eska in a bridal gown and smudged make-up. He leaves the room in fear, keeping a distance from Eska. The twins approach their father.
Unalaq: I need you two to go after the Avatar. She's the only one who can open the Northern spirit portal.
Desna: But Father, you told Korra-
Unalaq: I told Korra what I thought she needed to hear.
Eska: I'll find her.  She stole my husband.
Unalaq: I need her alive.
Eska:  Fine.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the Southern Air Temple, where Meelo is training Poki, while Tenzin is reading a scroll.
Meelo: Watch me, Poki.  You lie down and roll over.  Roll. Over.
Tenzin: No, no, you can't just demonstrate it. That never works.
Meelo:  Good! 
Tenzin:  Ugh, classic over-rewarding.
Meelo is using a treat to play with Poki, while a noise is heard from a distance. Poki follows the noise and flies off.
Meelo: Poki, where are you going?
Tenzin: Command respect.  Having some trouble, son?
Meelo: Poki isn't very good at learning.
Tenzin: Believe me, I know the feeling. Maybe I can help. How would you like your old dad to teach you how to be a master trainer?
Meelo:  Yeah!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the Southern Water Tribe Cultural Center, with a statue of Sokka overlooking the compound. A huge number of people have congregated, while police riot vehicles have been employed to control the crowd. Cut to Chief Lin Beifong overlooking the event with her officers. Cut to Southerners being led by Korra riding atop Naga. Some of them are holding lit candles on paper lotuses, while others are holding signs.
Reporter: Tensions are running up high outside of the Southern Water Tribe Cultural Center. The Avatar is leading a group of Southerners in a peaceful protest against Chief Unalaq, but the Northerners have come out in droves in support of their leader.
Northern protesters:  Boo! Get out of here! Boo! Get a real job! Get out of here!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the back of the cultural center, where Mako is on patrol. Two suspicious characters are stealthily escaping, but one steps on a can, alerting Mako.
Mako: Hey! Stop! Republic City Police!
</scene>

<scene>
A man presses a remote controller before running. Mako pursues them but is stopped by an explosion. He controls the spread of the fire with firebending. Cut to the front of the center, which explodes, leaving everyone looking on in fear and shock. Cut to the back of the center, where Mako is fighting the men. He throws multiple fire blasts and kicks, but one of them retaliates with firebending. He is subsequently knocked off and drops the remote, but makes his way into the getaway Satomobile. Mako attacks the Satomobile with a fire blast, but they manage to escape. He walks up to the remote and picks it up. Cut to the front of the center, where Korra is extinguishing the fire using water from the fountain.
Korra:  The Northern Water Tribe is out of control!
Mako: I saw a firebender running away from the blast. The North might not be responsible for this.
Korra: Of course, they're responsible. Who else would it be? 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the Pro-bending Arena, where there is a parked limousine. Bolin, Varrick, and Zhu Li are standing outside the limo, while photographers are continually taking pictures. Bolin is in surprise, while Varrick is waving at the audience.
Bolin: Wow. Usually, when I see flashing lights like this, it's because I got hit in the head with a rock.
Varrick: Being famous is like getting hit with a rock all the time.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the interior of the arena, where Varrick and Bolin take their seats in a VIP booth.
Spectator: Look! It's Bolin!
The crowd chants out Bolin's name, which Bolin responds to by waving and flexing his muscles.
Shiro Shinobi: Folks, that cheer you're hearing is for local favorite, Bolin, of the Fire Ferrets. Let's see if we can get a quick interview. Bolin!  Bolin, the Fire Ferrets are out for the season. How have you been spending your time lately?
Bolin: Well, I took a trip South for the Glacier Spirits Festival, was briefly engaged to a princess, then went through kind of a tough breakup there, was accidentally involved in a civil war ...  But there's nowhere I'd rather be than pro-bending night in Republic City! Am I right, people? Republic City! 
Shiro Shinobi: Do you miss being in the ring?
Bolin: Well, I definitely don't miss getting hit with things all the time, and the humiliating losing. I mean, that gets pretty old. You know, sometimes I actually cry myself to sleep ...  I guess what I miss the most are these fans! They're the greatest fans in the world! Give it up for the fans! 
Bolin leaves the booth, where Varrick is waiting at the entrance.
Varrick: Look how these people love you, kid! They're eating that cornball spiel right out of your hand.
Bolin: The trick is, whenever I get confused, I just say "Republic City" or "fans", and then everyone cheers.
Varrick: I think I just figured out your true calling.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to City Hall.
Korra: I hope President Raiko listens to us.
Varrick: Don't worry. I was a big contributor to his election campaign. Him and the other guy. Gotta hedge your bets.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the office interior.
Korra: Hello, Mr. President.  Sir, the Southern Water Tribe-
Raiko: Just a second. Keep smiling. 
Raiko: Now, how can I help the Avatar and my most generous supporter?
Korra: Unalaq's troops have invaded the South. We need you to send the United Forces to help.
Raiko: I'm very concerned by what's happening down there. But I don't think it's the Republic's place to interfere with internal Water Tribe matters.
Korra: Unalaq isn't even the rightful ruler of the Water Tribe. He lied his way onto the Northern throne.
Varrick: Mr. President, the Republic is already involved in this conflict. The North attacked our cultural center last night.
Raiko: Believe me, we are doing everything we can to bring the people responsible to justice.
Korra: "The people responsible"? Who else would it be but the Northerners?
Raiko: Now, I know that when you're young, it's hard to keep perspective-
Korra:  You're the one who's lost perspective. I'm trying to save my tribe, and you're taking pictures.
Raiko: Sending troops is not something I can do at this time. But I promise I will work with Unalaq and the South for a diplomatic solution. Now, I'm sorry, but my mind is made up. This meeting is over.
Korra: My family is going to be wiped out, and it'll be on your head for doing nothing about it. 
</scene>

<scene>
Raiko has a guilty look in his eyes while the camera focuses on his face. Cut to Mako's residence.
Korra:  I can't believe the President is doing nothing! H-He doesn't even care!
Mako: I'm sure he cares, but he can't just tell his people to go fight a battle at the South Pole that has nothing to do with them.
Korra:  How could you take his side?
Mako: What's with you and sides? Why do you always think I'm working against you?
Korra: Well, you're not helping me! I'm trying to get troops to the South. What are you doing?
Mako: I'm doing my job.
Korra:  Well, excuse me, officer. Don't let me stand in the way of you writing tickets. I'm just trying to save the world.
Mako: Well, you wouldn't have to if you didn't keep messing it up!
Korra: I can't talk to you when you're like this. 
Mako:  You're the one who's like this!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the harbor, where Asami is walking, but gets cut off by Korra.
Asami: Huh?  Hey! In a hurry?
Korra: Sorry, I have to talk to Varrick.
Asami: Yeah, me too.
Korra and Asami enter Varrick's yacht. There are stray arrows everywhere. An arrow nearly hits Asami, but Korra pulls her out of the way. Both girls turn to see a blindfolded Varrick holding a bow, while Bolin and Zhu Li stand next to him.
Varrick:  Oh, hello!  See? I told you I could do it.
Bolin: Sorry I ever doubted you.
Korra: We can't wait for the President to act. We need those troops now.
Asami: And my company is about to go under. I have to find a way to make some sales.
Varrick: Right, okay. Got it. Idea storm!  Get the supplies!  You're about to get an inside look at how Varrick Global Industries stays at the forefront of imagination innovation, or "imagivation"! That's trademarked, pal.  Brainwork requires increased circulation.  Let's do this!  Okay, here come the ideas. Fast and furious. Pink mint lemon tea. Radio for pets. Uh, hand shoes. Hold on a tic. We don't need the President to go to the South. We just need the troops! Let's go straight to them! If there's one thing I know about troops, it's that they love fighting.
Korra: I know General Iroh. He might be willing to help us.
Varrick: A man on the inside. Perfect!  And you need to sell some mecha tanks. I know some people who need them. We'll ship 'em South.
Korra: That's perfect! You'll be making money for your company and you'll be helping to defeat Unalaq.
Varrick: It's true. If you can't make money during a war, you just flat-out cannot make money.
Asami: It's dangerous on the seas right now, but I'm willing to try if you are.
Varrick: It'll be crazy risky, but I love crazy risky! End storm!  Zhu Li, get those other ideas to research and development. I want prototypes by next week. 
Korra: I don't understand why it's so hard to get Republic City to support the South.
Varrick: Don't worry, I'm already working on that. As soon as people see this, they'll be lining up to fight Unalaq. Zhu Li, do the, uh-- the thing.
Bolin: Don't freak out. It's not real.
Varrick: I had a film crew documenting the entire Northern invasion.
</scene>

<scene>
The screen shows troops amassing at the harbor. It subsequently cuts to troops waterbending, followed by Eska, who notices the camera.
Bolin:  Ahhh! Sorry. I keep doing that.
Varrick: We're gonna cut this footage together with scenes we shoot of our superstar Bolin here playing a Southern Water Tribe hero  battling the evil Unalaq. No one will root for the North after they see "The Adventures of Nuktuk: Hero of the South"!
Bolin:  I'm Nuktuk! What do you think?
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Mako's residence, where Mako is flipping through a book of criminals' faces.
Bolin: Oh, man, you should have seen Varrick today. That guy is a genius.
Mako: Uh-huh.
Bolin: He's gonna help Asami sell her mecha tanks to the South, and he came up with this great idea for Korra to get General Iroh to fight Unalaq without President Raiko ever even knowing.
Mako: What? That's a terrible idea!
Bolin: And he's gonna put me in the movers as this hero, Nuktuk!  He's a man of action, but he's got a heart of gold. He was born in the tundra.
Mako: Look, I'm trying to do something that's actually important here.
Bolin: Oh. Oh, sorry. Uh, sure. What is it?
Mako: Something doesn't make sense about this bombing. I just don't buy that the Northern Water Tribe was behind it.  Wait a second! That's him! That's the guy that attacked the center! I gotta go show this to Beifong! 
Bolin: Glad I could help. Nuktuk saves the day again!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Southern Air Temple.
Tenzin: All right, Meelo, the first thing you need to do as a trainer is establish dominance. You are in charge. Never forget that. Now call Poki.
Meelo:  Poki, come here!  Poki.  Poki, no!
Tenzin: Meelo ... you're rewarding him for bad behavior.
Meelo: But he's tickling me.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the bedroom, where Meelo and Poki are about to sleep.
Tenzin: You can't let him nap in the bed with you. You are the alpha lemur. He has to sleep on the floor.  I know it's hard,  but it's for the best.
Meelo: No, Poki, this is my bed.  You sleep on the floor.  Being alpha lemur is lonely. 
Tenzin: I know.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the police headquarters.
Raiko: How did this Cultural Center attack happen right under your nose? And why haven't you arrested the Northerners responsible?
Lin: We're working on it, sir.
Raiko: Well, work harder! If you don't get any results soon, I'm going to find someone who can.
Mako: I got a break in the bombing case. I I.D.'d the guy I saw at the scene.
Lu: That's great, Mako.
Gang: Yeah, you better run that in to Beifong right now.
Mako: You think?
Lu: Sure. You're gonna be a hero!
Mako looks confidently at the picture before entering Lin's office. Lu and Gang laugh and make their signature handshake.
Lin: What makes a rookie beat cop think he can interrupt my meeting with the President? 
Mako: I'm sorry, I just-- um, I found something out about the bombing. 
Lin: Well, give it to Lu and Gang, you moron.  Now get out! 
Lu: Sorry. Was she busy?
Mako: This is the guy I saw sneaking out of the building right before the explosions. He's a member of the Agni Kais. Someone must have hired him to make it look like Northerners attacked the Cultural Center. 
Gang: Hmm. 
Mako: Did you learn anything about that remote control I found at the scene? That's gotta be the key to finding out who's really responsible.
Lu: Listen, kid, it was the Northern Water Tribe, okay?
Gang: Yeah, give it a rest, Super Cop.
Mako returns to the desk while President Raiko exits Lin's office and walks to Mako's desk.
Raiko: I've heard good things about you. You've made some big triad busts for a rookie.
Mako: Thank you, sir.
Raiko: And you're dating the Avatar, right?
Mako: Yes, sir.
Raiko: I'm concerned that she might be getting some bad advice from Varrick. You wouldn't happen to know if they're plotting anything that might compromise the security of Republic City, would you, officer?  Let me remind you that you've sworn an oath. You're a man of the law before anything else.
Mako: Yes, sir.
Raiko: Well, keep up the good work. 
Mako:  Wait, there's something you should know.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the United Forces Harbor.
Korra: Thank you for seeing me, General Iroh.
Iroh: What can I do?
Korra: The South needs military support before Unalaq wipes them out completely, but the President is refusing to give the order. So I decided to come to you directly.
Iroh: I see. Well, suppose I were to take the fleet South on some routine training maneuvers. And let's say we were to accidentally run into a hostile Northern blockade. We'd have no choice but to defend ourselves, wouldn't we?
Korra: I guess you wouldn't. Thank you!
Raiko:  Swapping old war stories?
Iroh:  Mr. President.
Raiko: I hope you're not planning to take any military action without an order from your commander-in-chief?
Iroh: Of course not, sir.
Raiko: Good. Because if a single vessel leaves this harbor without my say-so, you'll be court-martialed. Am I clear?
Iroh: Crystal, sir.
Raiko:  Your activities here are bordering on insurrection. The Avatar does not command the military of the Republic. Don't go behind my back again.  As you were, General Iroh. 
Korra:  I hate that guy!
Iroh:  I'm sorry. My hands are officially tied.
Korra: I understand. Thanks anyway.
Iroh:  But you should talk to the Fire Lord. My mother and grandfather have always been good friends with the Avatar, and the Southern Water Tribe. I'm sure they'll be willing to help.
Korra: Thank you, General.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Varrick's yacht, where Bolin is filming in a revealing Water Tribe outfit.
Bolin: Wouldn't I be cold wearing this outfit in the snow?
Varrick: Ah, Nuktuk is never cold.
Bolin:  Ohhh.  Hey, Ginger.
Varrick:  How about that, huh? It's the latest product in my Varri-manageable Hair Line: Varri-dye! We get some shots of her using it before Unalaq kidnaps her, I guarantee we sell a million cases week one.
Korra:  Bolin, I need you to watch Naga while I'm gone.
Bolin: Where are you going?
Korra: The Fire Nation. I'm going to try to get them to help the South.  I need a boat.
Varrick: What happened with General Iroh?
Korra: He was going to help, but then President Raiko showed up. Someone must have tipped him off, but I can't figure it out. No one knew about it except for us and Asami.
Bolin: And Mako.
Korra: Mako? 
Bolin: What?  There's no way Mako would have told.  Right?
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the Southern Air Temple.
Meelo:  Poki, sit!  Roll over.  Good boy. 
Tenzin: Well done, Meelo! I knew you could learn to train Poki.
Meelo: Not just Poki. I trained all the lemurs. Watch!
Meelo blows a whistle, causing Poki to run away and fly. It is accompanied by many more lemurs. Meelo's entire family look on in awe. Meelo blows his whistle, commanding the lemurs to fly toward the direction in which he is pointing. On a final blow and a point to the ground, all the lemurs land on the floor, with Poki at the center.
Tenzin:  I've created a monster.  Uh, maybe we should forget about all this training discipline for now. Why don't you and Poki just have fun and play?
Meelo: Thanks, dad, training makes me tired. Come on, Poki.
</scene>

<scene>
Meelo runs back to his room with Poki. With a blow of his whistle, all the remaining lemurs leave the scene. Cut to the police office, where Korra kicks the door open.
Korra:  You ratted me out to the President?
Mako:  Korra, let me explain.
Korra: Explain why my boyfriend stabbed me in the back?
Mako: Look, the President of the Republic asked me a direct question. What was I supposed to do?
Korra:  You betrayed me, and my family! 
Mako:  Enough! Look, I have a job to do! I can't constantly be worrying about keeping you from making another huge mistake!
Korra:  Well, I have a job to do too, only it seems like you're always standing in the way of me getting it done!
Mako: Well, I guess if we're both putting our jobs first, maybe there's no room for our relationship! 
Korra:  So, what? Are you breaking up with me?
Mako:  Yeah. I guess I am.
A tearful Korra runs out of the office. Lin exits her office in shock.
Lin: What the flameo happened here?!
Mako:  I broke up with the Avatar.
Lin:  You got off easy. You shoulda seen Air Temple Island after Tenzin broke up with me!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the Mo Ce Sea, where Korra is driving a speedboat with a tear on her face. She wipes it off but is interrupted by a bump. She looks back and notices her cousins are attacking her with waterbending.
Eska:  You ruined my wedding!
Eska throws a stream at Korra, but she manages to dodge it. She destroys her cousins' jet skis, but they glide on the water and soon catch up with her.
Eska:  No one steals my Bolin!
</scene>

<scene>
Eska destroys Korra's speedboat, throwing her overboard. Underwater, Korra emerges from a waterspout and attacks her cousins with firebending, while avoiding their waterbending attacks. Eska manages to knock Korra off, but Korra regains her balance with an airspout before jumping on another waterspout. She quickly bends a water dome, trapping her cousins. Cut to Eska and Desna shielding themselves from the water before they notice a green glow underwater. Both look at each other and retreat. Korra notices her cousins retreating and starts descending. A giant dark spirit emerges and Korra dodges its attacks but is knocked off her waterspout. Underwater, Korra enters the Avatar State and re-emerges. She attempts to purify the spirit, causing it to glow golden, except for the head. The spirit prepares to head underwater, but re-emerges at the last minute and proceeds to devour Korra. Korra futilely firebends at the spirit before being swallowed and dragged into the water below. Cut to Eska and Desna, who have witnessed the entire incident. They leave the scene.
Fade to credits.
Main Asami Sato Bolin Korra Mako Meelo Poki President Raiko Tenzin Varrick Antagonists Agni Kai Triad Desna and Eska: Minor Bumi Ikki Iroh Jinora Kya Lin Beifong Lu and Gang Naga Pabu Pema Shiro Shinobi Unalaq Zhu Li<scene>
Shiro Shinobi:  Benders be on alert. After coming face to face with Amon, leader of the Equalists, Avatar Korra discovers a terrifying truth: this masked mad man has the ability to take away a person's bending, permanently. Benders of Republic City are counting on their young Avatar. But is she prepared to face such a frightening foe?
The episode opens up at night in Korra's room with her sleeping. As a shadow passes the doors, she quickly shoots up in her bed, alarmed. Soon after, an Equalist chi blocker breaks through the window, while two more break in through the door. Korra jumps out of her bed and kicks a downward fire arc through the air. She kicks another arc in the air toward them. The chi blockers dodge it and come at her, but Korra blasts two shots of fire to keep them at bay. The chi blockers avoid her attacks, while one leaps up in the air while spinning like a top in an attempt to kick Korra's head, but Korra blocks the hit with her arm, and fires several fists of fire. While Korra is distracted from keeping two of the chi blockers away, the other somersaults and uses chi blocking on her back, before kicking her to the ground on her knees while she lets out a shout of pain. Fatigued, Korra sees Amon walking toward her as she hears footsteps.
Amon: After I take your bending away, you will be nothing. 
Korra wakes up with a frightful scream, beads of sweat running down her face and gasping for air, revealing that it was all a nightmare. She looks at Naga, who licks her right hand to comfort her before resting her head on Korra's lap.
Korra: It's ... it's all right, Naga. I just had a bad dream. 
</scene>

<scene>
The camera flashes toward City Hall where the United Republic Council meets. Inside the representatives are sitting around a "U" shaped table sharing in discussion.
Tarrlok: There is a madman running around our beloved city, threatening to tear it apart. We need to create a task force whose sole mission is to find Amon and bring him to justice.
Tenzin:  Absolutely not. A move that aggressive would only further divide benders and nonbenders.
Fire Nation councilwoman: Tarrlok, I'm inclined to agree with your proposal, but who would even  head up such a task force?
Tarrlok:  It would be my honor and privilege to accept such a duty.
Tenzin:  This is just another one of your ploys to gain more power, isn't it? 
Tarrlok: All I'm trying to do is help. Think back, forty-two years ago, Republic City was threatened by another dangerous man. Yakone.  Your father wasn't afraid to deal with him head-on.
Tenzin: This.. is a completely different situation ...  and how dare you compare yourself to Avatar Aang!
Tarrlok:  Amon is not going to stop with the bending triads.  Eventually, he will come for all us benders. Our friends, our families. Vote for this task force and I will stop Amon before it's too late. All in favor?
</scene>

<scene>
Tarrlok raises his hand and the Fire Nation representative raises her hand as well. After a brief glance at each other, the Southern Water Tribe and Earth Kingdom representatives also raise their hands. With that, Tarrlok slams a gavel down on a platform to close the meeting and smiles mischievously at Tenzin while he glares at him. Cuts to later during nighttime, at Air Temple Island, light, happy music plays as Korra practices airbending stances. The music becomes static and soon after, Amon's voice is heard.
Amon: Good evening, my fellow Equalists.  This is your leader, Amon.  As you have heard, the Republic Council has voted to make me public enemy number one, proving once again that the bending  oppressors of this city will stop at nothing to quash our revolution. But we cannot be stopped. Our numbers grow stronger by the day. You no longer have to live in fear.  The time has come for benders to experience fear. 
Later, Mako is walking in a more industrialized part of Republic City. He throws one end of his scarf over his shoulder and looks up in the direction of a trolley which is being boarded. He runs toward the trolley, crossing the street without looking. Meanwhile, a moped is driving down the street. The rider of the moped, Asami, sees Mako and quickly tries to stop, though she still crashes into Mako while he screams and tumbles over. She wheels the moped over to Mako, while he picks himself up off the street.
Asami: Oh, no!  I'm so sorry. I didn't see you. 
Mako:  How could you not see me? I mean I was ju-juu ...  uh, I was ... I- I ... wow.  I was ... 
Asami:  Are you okay? Did I hurt you? Ugh, I'm such an idiot. 
Mako: Don't worry, I'm fine. My brother hits me harder than that every day in practice. 
Asami: Wait, I recognize you. You're Mako, right? You play for the Fire Ferrets.
Mako: Yeah, that's me.
Asami:  I am so embarrassed.  My name is Asami. Let me make this up to you somehow. Uh, how about I treat you to dinner? Tomorrow night, eight o' clock, Kwong's Cuisine. 
Mako: Uh, Kwong's? I don't have any clothes nice enough for a place that classy.
Asami:  I'll take care of that. All you need to do is show up.  So ... it's a date?
Mako: Uh, yeah, I guess so. I'll see you tomorrow night.
Asami gets back on her moped and drives away taking one brief glance behind her. Mako watches her ride away and grins widely, lovestruck. Later, at sunset on Air Temple Island, Tenzin's family and Korra are about to eat dinner. Before eating, they bow their heads as Tenzin starts a prayer.
Tenzin: We are grateful for this delicious food, for happiness, for compassion, and ...
Tarrlok:  I'm not interrupting, am I? 
Tenzin: This is my home, Tarrlok. We're about to eat dinner. 
Tarrlok: Good, because I am absolutely famished.  Airbenders never turn away a hungry guest, am I right?
Tenzin:  I suppose. 
Tarrlok:  Ah, you must be the famous Avatar Korra. It is truly an honor.  I am Councilman Tarrlok, representative from the Northern Water Tribe.
Korra:  Nice to meet you. 
Ikki:  Why do you have three ponytails?  And how come you smell like a lady? You're weird.
Tarrlok: Well aren't you ... precocious?  So, I've been reading all about your adventures in the papers. Infiltrating Amon's rally, now that took some real initiative.
Korra: Oh, thanks. I think you're the first authority figure in the city who's happy I'm here.
Tarrlok: Republic City is much better off now that you've arrived.
Tenzin:  Enough with the flattery, Tarrlok. What do you want from Korra?
Tarrlok:  Patience, Tenzin. I'm getting to that.  As you may have heard, I am assembling a task force that will strike at the heart of the revolution and I want you to join me.
Korra:  Really?
Tenzin:  What?!
Tarrlok: I need someone who will help me attack Amon directly, someone who is fearless in the face of danger.  And that someone is you.
Korra: Join your task force? I can't. 
Tarrlok:  I must admit, I'm rather surprised. I thought you'd jump at the chance to help me lead the charge against Amon.
Tenzin:  Me, too.
Korra: I came to Republic City to finish my Avatar training with Tenzin. Right now, I just need to focus on that.
Tarrlok: Which is why this opportunity is perfect. You would get on the job experience while performing your Avatar duty for the city.
Tenzin:  Korra gave you her answer. It's time for you to go.
Tarrlok: Very well.  But,  I'm not giving up on you just yet.  You'll be hearing from me soon.  It has been a pleasure, Avatar Korra. 
Ikki:  Bye-bye, ponytail man!
Councilman Tarrlok scowls at Ikki's farewell and grunts in distaste as he walks out. Meanwhile, Mako is at Kwong's Cuisine, staring in awe. He clutches his scarf and checks his sleeves. He sighs at his results and walks in.
Server: Ah, welcome to Kwong's Cuisine, Master Mako. 
Mako: Uh, "Master"?
In a back room, the server who greeted Mako as he walked in unfolds a shirt from a box and dresses it on Mako. The server pulls up Mako's pants, ties his shoes, styles his hair, and gives him a formal-looking jacket to wear. Mako examines the clothes with pleasure. He grabs his red scarf from the table behind him and puts it around his neck. The server glances at it and starts to pull it off, when Mako prevents him from doing so by catching the server's wrist.
Mako: The scarf stays.
Server: As you wish, sir.  This way please. 
Asami:  I am such a big pro-bending fan. I caught all of your matches this season.
Mako: All of them? Wow. Honestly, I wish there were a few you hadn't seen.
Asami: Oh, don't be ridiculous, you're amazing. I can't wait to see you play in the tournament.
Mako: Yeah, well, ah, maybe next year.
Asami: What do you mean? You made it in.
Mako: It just isn't in the cards for us right now.
Asami:  Tell me.  What's the problem?
Mako: We don't have the cash to ante up for the championship pot. So, it looks like we're out of the running.
Asami: That's not fair.
Server:  Pardon me, Ms. Sato.  Your main course.
Mako: Ms. Sato? You wouldn't happen to be related to Hiroshi Sato, creator of the Satomobile?
Asami: Yeah. He's my dad.
Mako:  Get out of town!
Asami: I'm serious.  You want to meet him?
Mako: Meet the most successful captain of industry in all of Republic City? Yeah, I'll take you up on that.
Back on Air Temple Island, Bolin comes singing a light tune with Pabu on his shoulder.
Bolin:  Hello, fellow teammate!
Korra: Hey, Bolin. 
Bolin: Missed you at practice this week.
Korra: Yeah, sorry about that.
Bolin: Nah, that's all right. We're probably out of the tournament anyways unless some money miraculously drops out of the sky by tomorrow. Anyways, the reason I came by was to give you this.  Ta-da!
Korra: Wow, thanks.  What's this for?
Bolin:  Uh, oh I can't remember now. Oh yeah, now I remember. You saved me from Amon!
Korra: Oh, that?  It was no big deal.
Bolin: No big deal, are you serious? I was totally freaking out when he was coming at me with his creepy mask all, "I will take away your bending forever."  I mean that is.. scary stuff; I still can't sleep well.
Korra: Mhmm.
Council page: Delivery for Avatar Korra.  Tarrlok sends his compliments and urges you to reconsider his offer.
Korra: Tell him I haven't changed my mind.
Council page: Mhmm ... 
Bolin: Who's this Tarrlok guy? Is he bothering you? Huh, 'cause I could have a word with him. 
Korra:  Heh, no it's not like that. He's just some old guy who works with Tenzin on the council.
Bolin: Oh, good. Good, that sounds better. I like that better.
</scene>

<scene>
The scene switches to a Satomobile being lifted so workers can examine it in a factory. The factory contains several rows of Satomobiles in an assembly line. Hiroshi Sato and his daughter, Asami Sato, stand side by side, while Mako stands in front of them for conversation purposes.
Hiroshi Sato: What do you think of my little operation here?
Mako: It's very impressive, Mr. Sato.
Hiroshi Sato: Please, call me Hiroshi. So, I understand you're dirt poor.
Mako: Uh, well ...
Hiroshi Sato: Young man, it is nothing to be ashamed of. I too came from humble beginnings. Why, when I was your age, I was a mere shoe-shiner, and all I had to my name was an idea; the Satomobile.  Now, I was fortunate enough to meet someone who believed in me and my work ethic. He gave me the money I needed to get my idea off the ground and I built the entire Future Industries empire from that one selfless loan. 
Asami: Dad, stop bragging. Just tell Mako the good news. 
Mako: What good news?
Hiroshi Sato: Well, my daughter passionately told me all about your hard earned success in the Pro-bending Arena. And about your team's current  financial stumbling block. Now, I'd hate to see you lose your chance at winning the championship just because you're short a few yuans. That's why I'm going to sponsor the Fire Ferrets in the tournament.
Mako: Are you serious?
Asami: He's serious. My dad's going to cover your ante for the championship pot.
Mako: Tha-that is good news.
Hiroshi Sato: There's just one catch. You all have to wear the Future Industries logo on your uniforms.
Mako: I'll tattoo it on my chest if you want, sir.  Thank you both so much.  I promise the Fire Ferrets will make the most of this opportunity.
Back on Air Temple Island, Tenzin walks past a luxurious Satomobile wrapped in a ribbon with Ikki and Meelo playing inside.
Ikki:  Out of the way Daddy, we're driving here!  Beeeeeeep beebeebeeeeep!
Meelo: Beep-beep.
Tenzin walks on to where Korra is practicing airbending stances on a round platform with a Yin-Yang symbol.
Tenzin: I see Tarrlok's gifts are getting more and more extravagant.
Korra:  Yeah, that guy doesn't know how to take "no" for an answer.
Tenzin: Korra, are you ... doing all right?
Korra: Yeah, I'm fine. 
Tenzin:  Why don't you take a break?  I'm glad you turned down Tarrlok, but I just want to make sure your decision was for the right reason.
Korra: I'm just really focused on my airbending right now is all.
Tenzin:  Right, that's what you said. You know, it's okay to be scared. The whole city is frightened by what's been going on. The important thing is to talk about our fears, because if we don't, they can throw us out of balance.
Korra looks away with a slightly sad face, visibly hit by the impact of Tenzin's words. Tenzin stands up.
Tenzin: I'm always here for you, if you want to talk.
</scene>

<scene>
Tenzin walks away, the scene shifts to show a saddened Korra leaning against the door of the mansion on Air Temple Island.
Council page: Avatar Korra! I have something for you.
Annoyed, Korra jumps down from the railing she was sitting on, and earthbends the page around 180 degrees, and sends him off by kicking him in the back.
Korra: It doesn't matter how many gifts Tarrlok sends, I am no​t joining his task force.
In the background, Ikki and Jinora are seen playing a game of Pai Sho. They look up from their game to see what is happening.
Council page: It's not a gift, it's an invitation.
Korra:  To what? 
Council page: Tarrlok is throwing a gala in your honor.  All of Republic City's movers and shakers will be there. The councilman humbly requests your attendance.
</scene>

<scene>
Korra frowns at the paper, music kicks in as the scene now scrolls down from the night sky to show the City Hall with two huge banners with the picture of Korra on them. Shortly after, Korra, Tenzin, Pema, Ikki, Jinora, and Meelo enter the City Hall building dressed in gala clothing. The kids run off. The other attendants start clapping as they notice Korra walking in. Pema starts wandering off and socializing with the people in the background. Korra looks around stunned, standing next to Tenzin.
Korra: I can't believe this is all for me.
Tenzin: I'm not sure what Tarrlok's plotting, but keep your guard up. It's not like him to throw a party just for the fun of it.
Tarrlok:  So glad you could make it, Avatar Korra.  If you'd excuse us, the city awaits its hero. 
Tenzin starts looking around and notices Meelo. His head turns blue in surprise and he gasps.
Tenzin: Meelo! No, that's not a toilet! Oh dear. 
Tarrlok: Korra, it's my pleasure to introduce Republic City's most famous industrialist, Hiroshi Sato.
Korra: Nice to meet you.
Hiroshi Sato:  We're all expecting great things from you.
Korra: Right,  greatness.
Mako:  Hey, Korra!
Hiroshi Sato:  This is my daughter, Asami.
Asami: It's lovely to meet you. Mako's told me so much about you.
Korra:  Really? Because he hasn't mentioned you at all. How did you two meet?
Bolin:  Asami crashed into him on her moped.
Korra:  What? Are you okay?
Mako: I'm fine. More than fine. Mister Sato agreed to sponsor our team; we're back in the tournament!
Bolin:  Hehe, isn't that great?
Korra:  Yeah, terrific.
Tarrlok:  Chief Beifong, I believe you and Avatar Korra have already met.
Lin Beifong:  Just because the city's throwing you this big to-do,  don't think you're something special.  You've done absolutely nothing to deserve this. 
Korra glares at Lin as she leaves, though her look saddens as Lin Beifong walks away. Tarrlok and Korra are now seen walking toward a stair, where a lot of reporters are waiting downstairs. Many guests are present in the background. As soon as the media notices Korra, they rush for the stairs and start bombarding her with questions.
Tarrlok: If you'd be so kind, they just have a couple of questions.
Korra: But ...
Tarrlok pushes her forward.
Reporter #1: Avatar Korra, you witnessed Amon take away people's bending firsthand. How serious a threat does he pose to the innocent citizens of Republic City?
Korra:  I think he presents a real problem. 
Tarrlok is seen in the background smiling, as his plan to force Korra into his task force seems to be working.
Reporter #2: Then why have you refused to join Tarrlok's task force? As the Avatar, shouldn't you be going after Amon?
Korra: Well, I ...
Reporter #2: Why are you backing away from this fight?
Korra:  What? No! I've never backed away from anything in my life!
Reporter #3: You promised to serve this city, aren't you going back on that promise now?
Reporter #4: Do you think pro-bending is more important than fighting the revolution?
Reporter #5: How do you think Avatar Aang would have handled this?
Korra is clearly starting to get confused, annoyed, and intimidated by this bombardment of questions.
Reporter #2:  Are you afraid of Amon?
Korra:  I am not afraid of anybody! If the city needs me then ...  I'll join Tarrlok's task force and help fight Amon.
Tarrlok:  There's your headline, folks.
</scene>

<scene>
As cameras start flashing, Tenzin looks down in disappointment and being powerless. Bolin and Mako look at each other, confused. The other guests in the scene also look confused except Asami, who is still smiling and looking forward while holding Mako's arm. Tarrlok smiles mischievously as Korra looks down with a sad expression when she realizes that she has been tricked. Scene changes to show the outside of the City Hall. Shifts to Korra, who is twiddling her thumbs and looking sad.
Tarrlok: My fellow task force deputies, tonight we will execute a raid on an underground chi blocker training camp located in the Dragon Flats borough. According to my sources, there is a cellar underneath this bookstore,  where Equalists train chi blocking in secret.
</scene>

<scene>
Camera fades from the blueprints to a view of the bookstore from above while a large car with a water tank and filled with task force members in a kneeling position drives toward its location. Once stopped, the task force members jump out and up against the wall. Korra peers through an opening at the bottom of the wall and sees several men and woman training and learning chi blocking techniques. On the opposite wall lays a large poster with a portrait of Amon staring over the room. Korra has a flashback to her dream at the beginning of the episode where Amon is reaching toward her. Korra gasps with fear, but puts a resolved look on her face. She stands up and looks at Tarrlok for the signal. Tarrlok nods and raises his hand to show his fingers outstretched. He closes them into a fist, shows his outstretched palm again, closes his hand into a fist again, and flashes two fingers this time. A task force member unwinds the top of the water tank and bends the water out. Another member bends the water toward him and to another task force member and another until all the waterbenders have water at their disposal. Two members of the task force are shown with water ready for the signal to attack. The camera flashes to Tarrlok holding his hand out behind him, where a waterbender is holding the water waiting for a signal. Korra breathes in and out and the scene changes to inside the room of chi blocker trainers and trainees. Water floods the room and freezes, with the people inside yelping in surprise. The task force earthbenders break through the wall, causing several chi blockers and trainees to leap back. Three task force earthbenders attack the people by throwing bricks. One earthbender pushes up a block of earth and slams it into a person slamming them into a wall. Tarrlok and Korra enter the room. Tarrlok throws someone against the wall using waterbending and freezes their head to the wall. A chi blocker throws two grenades that have green gas filtering out of them, while another opens the door and escapes. Korra freezes the two grenades in ice and the leaking smoke clears up.
Korra: I'm going after those two.
Korra kicks open the door the two chi blockers left through and runs down the corridor. She trips over a wire and crashes to the ground. A chi blocker leaps out from a space in the ceiling and tries to grab Korra. Korra quickly gets up and kicks a large rock up from underneath the chi blocker, hitting him in the chest. She falls back from the left over momentum, but another chi blocker comes from behind her swinging a bola. Tarrlok blasts a stream of water at the chi blocker and freezes him to the wall.
Korra: Nice timing. Thanks, Tarrlok.
Tarrlok: We make a good team, Avatar.
Korra: Yeah, we do. 
</scene>

<scene>
The scene switches to a group of reporters, flashing cameras, and the people who participated in the task force standing over several captured chi blockers. After another flash from a camera, Tarrlok is seen ushering a chi blocker into the back of a police truck with several task force members on the side. Another flash reveals a row of task force members with Korra at the front with an annoyed look, Tarrlok answering a reporter's question through a microphone, the chi blockers in the middle, and another row of task force members on the other side. The picture turns black and white and is zoomed out to show the same picture in a newspaper. Toza is sweeping his gym, while Bolin makes two plates of earth hover above his hands using earthbending and Mako is reading the newspaper.
Bolin: No Korra for practice again?
Mako:  Doesn't look like it.
</scene>

<scene>
Bolin slumps and sighs, throwing the two plates of earth at the wall. The scene switches to a room full of reporter with Tarrlok on stage behind a podium and Korra at his side.
Tarrlok: Avatar Korra has bravely answered the call to action. With the two of us leading the charge, Republic City has nothing to fear from Amon and the Equalists.
Female reporter: Question for the Avatar!  Amon remains at large. Why have you failed to locate him?
Korra:  You want to know why? Because Amon is hiding in the shadows like a coward.  Amon, I challenge you to a duel! No task force, no chi blockers, just the two of us tonight at midnight on Avatar Aang Memorial Island. Let's cut to the chase and settle this thing, if you're man enough to face me. 
</scene>

<scene>
The scene changes to the park where Mako and Asami are riding inside a carriage.
Asami: I know it sounds weird to say this, but I'm really glad I hit you with my moped.
Mako:  Uh, me too.
Asami: I forgot to ask. Why didn't you accept the new silk scarf I bought for you last week? You didn't like it?
Mako: No, it was really nice, but this scarf was my father's. And it's all I have left of him. I just feel like ...  Like it keeps me safe.
Asami: I'm so sorry. I lost my mother when I was very young. 
Mako and Asami stare at each other warmly, and she cuddles into Mako's side putting her hand on his chest, while Mako reaches up to hold it there.
Asami: I feel so safe with you. 
</scene>

<scene>
The trolley rides off into the park with the two inside passing two other couples. The scene changes to a bird's eye view of the Republic City dock. Tenzin passes the camera on his glider and lands on the dock where Korra, Tarrlok, and several others are.
Tenzin: Korra, this is madness.
Korra:  Don't try to stop me and don't follow me. I have to face Amon alone.
Tenzin:  This is all your doing!
Tarrlok: I tried to talk her out of it too, but she's made up her mind.
Korra guides the boat out from the docks to Avatar Aang Memorial Island using waterbending.
Tarrlok: We'll be watching the island closely. If anything goes wrong, I have a fleet of police airships ready to swoop down.
</scene>

<scene>
The camera glides down Avatar Aang's statue and at the base stands Korra with her hair being blown by the wind. The camera changes viewpoints to capture the front of the memorial building and Korra standing on top of it. At slight provocation, Korra gets into a battle stance. As the clock sounds midnight, Korra startles. The camera alternates viewpoints to show the skyline at night, most of the buildings still seem to be lit. Cut back to the statue again, eventually scrolling down toward Korra, while she sighs in relief as soon as she realized it was just the clock that startled her. Korra takes a deep breath to recover her focus and stares at the skyline as the lights start to dim she sits down, tired and exhausted from waiting in fear.
Korra:  Guess you're a no-show, Amon. Who's scared now? 
</scene>

<scene>
As Korra walks past the base of the statue, a bola is thrown at her feet and Korra is dragged into the base of the statue. As soon as she reaches the center, she finds herself surrounded by a circle of twenty-one chi blockers. She quickly spins and bends fire around her in an attempt to defend herself, but she is quickly overwhelmed as two whips entangle her hands from both sides, preventing her to move away, she uses her legs to kick some fire and earth around, but she is ultimately hit in the back by several punches from multiple chi blockers. The scene fades to black. Korra lies down on the ground with several chi blockers behind her. Two Equalists take her by the arms and force her to sit on her knees. She looks up and notices Amon entering the area.
Amon: I received your invitation, young Avatar.
Korra is frightened as Amon reaches out his hand in order to touch her face; she turns her face away. Amon bends his wrist so his hand is now with his palm facing upward as he grabs Korra by her chin and forces her to look at him. Korra looks at him full of fear.
Amon: Our showdown, while inevitable, is premature. Although it would be the simplest thing for me to take away your bending right now, I won't. You'd only become a martyr.  Benders of every nation would rally behind your untimely demise,  but I assure you, I have a plan. And I'm saving you for last, then you'll get your duel, and I will destroy you.
</scene>

<scene>
Korra faints as Amon jabs Korra on her shoulder. During her unconsciousness, she sees a vision of Sokka, Toph, Aang, and Yakone. The people in the vision all seem about the right age to be living in 128 AG. Aang charges toward the camera, ready to attack. Korra regains consciousness, as she sees a shady figure in an airbender's tunic running toward her.
Korra:  Aang?
Tenzin:  Korra!  Korra, are you all right? What happened? Was Amon here?
Korra: Yeah, he ambushed me.
Tenzin:  Did he ... did he take your bending away?
Korra:  No, I'm okay.
Tenzin:  Ah, thank goodness.
Korra suddenly starts crying and embraces Tenzin and continues crying on his chest. Tenzin comforts Korra by putting his arms around her.
Korra:  I was so terrified, I felt so helpless.
Tenzin:  It's all right, the nightmare is over.
Korra:  You ... you were right ... I've been scared this whole time.  I've never felt like this before and ... and Tenzin, I don't know what to do! 
Tenzin:  Admitting your fears is the first and most difficult step in overcoming them.
</scene>

<scene>
The camera pans up. Fade to credits.
Main Asami Sato Bolin Korra Mako Tarrlok Tenzin Antagonists Amon Equalists: Minor Aang (flashback only) Council page Fire Nation councilwoman Hiroshi Sato Ikki Jinora Lin Beifong Meelo Naga Pabu Pema Republic City reporters Sokka (flashback only) Toph (flashback only) United Republic Council Yakone (flashback only)<scene>
Shiro Shinobi:  The Southern Water Tribe is under siege! When Avatar Korra was attacked by a dark spirit, Chief Unalaq was the only one able to stop it. So, Korra turned her back on Tenzin and chose Unalaq as her new spiritual mentor. Tenzin and his family left for a vacation at the Southern Air Temple, while Korra remained in the Water Tribe. Will she be able to restore balance between humans and spirits?
</scene>

<scene>
The camera pans down to reveal a shot of the Glacier Spirits festival. A dark spirit appears on a nearby cliff, and looks out over the festival. Cut to the camel yak stables, as Korra rides in on Naga, with Unalaq waiting for her. Korra dismounts Naga and approaches her uncle.
Unalaq: You're early.
Korra: What can I say? I'm pumped up to learn that Unalaq spirit fighting.
Unalaq:  I'm not here to teach you to fight spirits, I'm here to help you begin your spiritual training. We're going to one of the most remote places in the world, the long neglected spiritual center of your tribe, the South Pole.
Korra: You're going to train me at the South Pole?
Unalaq: We will do more than just train. By neglecting the spirits, the people of the South have brought darkness upon themselves, and now it threatens to destroy our tribe. We must set things right. The Southern Water Tribe depends on you.
Korra:  A dangerous trip to the South Pole? Count me in!
</scene>

<scene>
The scene changes to a shot of the Southern Air Temple, which comes into focus through the clouds. Oogi flies into shot heading for the temple, with Tenzin and his family riding on him.
Tenzin: There it is, the Southern Air Temple. Isn't it magnificent?
</scene>

<scene>
The scene changes again to two Air Acolytes, one of whom is sweeping, while the other feeds three ring-tailed lemurs. They turn in surprise as Oogi flies in, and as he lands, three Acolytes walk toward the bison, two of them carrying a large case.
Shung: Master Tenzin, welcome!
Tenzin: Good to see you again, Abbot Shung. 
Shung: Is there anything you need? Water? Dandelion greens? Ahh, perhaps you'd like to recenter yourself by meditating in the gardens?
Tenzin: No thank you, I'm fine.
Shung: And you must be the honorable Pema! Please, accept these gifts.  This is an ancient airbender head shaver we've refurbished just for you.
Tenzin: Oh.  Okay?
Shung: And Pema!  These flowers once filled the mountainside! Now, they can brighten up your room.
Pema:  That's ... sweet? Y-you didn't have to.
Shung: Nonsense! Whatever you need is yours. Anything for the mother of the next generation of airbenders.
Ikki:  No!  That gift is mine!
Jinora: You don't even like to read!
Ikki:  Eeeh!
Pema:  Yep, those are the world's next generation of  airbenders.
Meelo appears from behind the three Acolytes and jumps on the abbot's back, a lemur held in his hands.
Meelo:  Mommy, Daddy, look! I finally got a lemur! I'm gonna name him ... Poki!
The lemur flies away, and Meelo jumps down from the abbot and forms an air scooter to chase after the creature.
Meelo: Poki! Come back!
Kya and Bumi are still by Oogi, unloading supplies from his saddle. Kya tosses some bags down, which hit Bumi, and he grunts. Kya drops down from on top of the sky bison, and Bumi sighs.
Bumi:  S'cuse me, a little help here?
Acolyte:  Sorry, I thought you were the servants. 
Bumi:  We're Tenzin's brother and sister!
Acolyte:  Avatar Aang had other children?  The world is filled with more airbenders?
Kya:  We're not airbenders.
Acolyte: Oh ...  I'm so sorry.
</scene>

<scene>
Bumi and Kya looks a little confused, before pouting and glancing at each other. The scene switches to Korra saddling up Naga, as Mako helps her pack supplies.
Korra: I thought you said Bolin was coming?
Mako: He said he'd be here, but I can't worry about it. I have to make sure you have everything you need for a safe trip.
Korra:  Thanks, Captain Expedition, but I'll be fine.
Korra hears a sound and turns her head around to see Tonraq pulling up on a snowmobile. Unalaq, who has been packing, notices Tonraq and scowls, before approaching his brother.
Unalaq: Tonraq, what do you want?
Tonraq: I heard you're taking Korra to the South Pole.  I'm coming.
Unalaq:  Absolutely not. You're a distraction to Korra and a hindrance to what needs to be done.
Tonraq: My daughter is not going without me! She needs someone to watch after her.
Korra:  Dad, why do you always think you know what's best for me?
Unalaq: Because he's misguided. The sad truth is, it's men like your father who have put the Spirit World out of balance. He's ignored my warnings in the past and hasn't learned since.
Korra: What happened in the past?
Tonraq: It doesn't matter. What matters is the Everstorm.
Mako: The Everstorm?
Tonraq: It's a massive blizzard that's battered the South Pole for decades.  I'm coming, unless you think you can stop me.
</scene>

<scene>
The camera cuts to a close-up of Unalaq, followed by Tonraq, as they glare at each other. Tonraq looks to his left, however, when Bolin shouts at them from a distance.
Bolin:  Guys! Hey, wait for me!
</scene>

<scene>
Bolin zooms in on a snowmobile with an attached sidecar, wearing a new snowsuit. Cut to a confused Mako and Korra as they trail Bolin's arrival with their eyes before turning completely to face him as he pulls up next to them.
Bolin: Check it out,  I'm traveling in style!  Okay, uh, sorry, still getting used to that throttle.
Mako: Uh, where'd you get the ride?
Bolin: Varrick; he's awesome! He also gave me this fancy snowsuit! It's inflatable, with an internal heater, emergency beacon, and food ration pouches! I mean, if I get lost, I can survive in this thing for like, like a month!  Who wants some freeze dried cucumberquats.  Nobody? ... Did I interrupt a conversation? 
Korra:  No, the conversation is over.  Dad, come if you want, just don't interfere with my training. .
Eska: Does this sidecar have the capacity for two passengers?
Bolin:  Sure does. But, uh ... who's gonna drive?
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to later that night. Bolin is driving the snowmobile while Desna and Eska sit together in the sidecar. Bolin looks upset with the circumstances, and Mako rides toward the trio on a camel yak.
Mako:  Well, what do you know? Looks like--
Bolin:  Go away, Mako.
Korra:  So once we get to the South Pole, then what happens?
Unalaq: You will open an ancient spirit portal.
Korra: I'm sorry, what now?
Unalaq: At the South Pole, there is a portal that connects our world to the Spirit World, but it has long been closed.
Korra: And that's why the evil spirits are attacking?
Unalaq: There are no evil spirits, there is light and dark in them all. But when they're unbalanced, the darkness takes over.  If you can open the portal in time, balance will be restored.
Korra: What do you mean ... in time?
Unalaq: There's a reason the Glacier Spirits Festival ends on the winter solstice. That's when the Spirit World and the physical world are close together. Only then can the Avatar open the portal.
Korra: The winter solstice is tomorrow.
Unalaq: Exactly, and we can't afford to wait another year.
A dark spirit appears in the distance, watching the group. Naga, sensing the creature, turns toward it and starts growling.
Korra: Easy, Naga.
The fog begins to clear, and the dark spirit, now joined by two others, comes into view.
Bolin:  What are those?
Korra: Dark spirits.
The fog picks up again, hiding the spirits from view once more.
Tonraq: Let's keep moving. We have to find a safe place to set up camp.
</scene>

<scene>
Tonraq drives away, and the scene cuts to a roaring fire, the group huddled around it for warmth.
Korra: Uncle, why do you think the dark spirits are following us?
Bolin: Can we not talk about dark spirits, please? 
Mako: My brother doesn't like ghost stories.
Eska:  Don't worry. I will protect you, my feeble turtle duck.
Bolin: Thank you.
Unalaq: Sadly, this isn't a ghost story. This is real.  The spirits are angry because he's here.  Haven't you ever wondered how your father ended up in the South Pole? Why he's never taken you to visit his homeland in the North?
Tonraq: Unalaq, this is not the time.
Unalaq: You're right. You should have told her a long time ago.
Korra: Told me what!?
Tonraq:  I left the North Pole because ... I was banished.
Korra: You were banished from the North? Why?
Tonraq: Because I almost destroyed the entire tribe.  Twenty years ago, I was a general in the Northern Water Tribe, sworn to protect my people.
Young Unalaq:  Brother! We're being attacked!
</scene>

<scene>
Tonraq gets upset and charges out, as the scene changes to a damaged Northern Water Tribe, several plumes of smoke visible in the distance. The scene changes to inside the city, as the people attempt to defend themselves against the barbarians. One of the barbarians is hit from behind by a stream of water, revealed to be Tonraq, who has entered the city with two other water Tribe soldiers. Tonraq bends water from a nearby river in preparation for a second attack. The scene changes to outside the city, the barbarians in retreat, followed closely by Tonraq and his men.
Tonraq:  I drove them out of the city and deep into the frozen tundra.
</scene>

<scene>
Tonraq yells as he and his men chase the barbarians. Cut back to Unalaq, who watches his older brother leave from the entrance to the city. Cut back to Tonraq and his men, who have a reached a large forest situated in the tundra. Cut to inside the forest.
Tonraq:  We tracked them deep into an ancient forest. Many believed this forest was the home to spirits, and the barbarians retreated there because they thought we wouldn't attack them on such hallow grounds. They thought wrong.
The barbarians are shown hiding behind trees. Three Northern waterbenders suddenly appear and summon a large wave, which crashes into the forest and washes away many barbarians. Tonraq is shown blasting unseen barbarians with three water attacks. Next, the Northern soldiers are seen marching the captured barbarians away from the now flooded forest, which is seen in the background. Tonraq continues narrating.
Tonraq:  We captured the barbarians, but in the process, we destroyed the forest.  I didn't realize the consequences of what I had done.  By destroying the forest, I unknowingly let loose angry spirits.
Two tribesmen are running from a large dark spirit. Tonraq attacks the spirit with two water whips, and jumps aside when the spirit attacks with its arm.
Tonraq:  They threatened to destroy everything, the entire city.
</scene>

<scene>
The dark spirit prepares to attack Tonraq once more, but stops as water surrounds it before glowing. Camera pans to Unalaq waterbending. Cut to a further view where four spirits are surrounded with the same glowing water, before changing to a golden color. Cut to the spirits returning to the spirit forest before disappearing. Cut back to Unalaq as he ceases his waterbending.
Tonraq:  Unalaq was able to guide the spirits back to the forest. But by then, the damage had been done.  For being the cause of so much devastation, my father banished me from the Northern Water Tribe in shame.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Unalaq, who watches on as his brother is banished. Cut to outside the city, as Tonraq sails away from his home. Cut to a closer view of Tonraq, who looks down dejectedly, before turning toward the horizon.
Tonraq:  That's when I came to the South and started a new life.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut back to the present time, as Tonraq bows his head in shame. He turns around, and faces the rest of the group.
Bolin: Whoa, so you  were supposed to be chief, then he  became chief. No wonder you guys don't like each other.  Ow! What? Isn't that what happened?
Korra:  I can't believe you kept this from me.
Tonraq: I was protecting you from the shame I brought on the family.
Korra: Why did you keep hiding things from me and then telling me it's for my own protection? I'm tired of you protecting me! 
Tonraq: Korra!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a far view of the Southern Air Temple. Cut to Jinora and Tenzin entering the inner sanctuary, which is filled with Avatar statues.
Jinora: Wow, the statue room.
Tenzin: That's right, Jinora, the most sacred place in the entire Southern Air Temple.  Here, you will find statues of every Avatar who ever lived.  Where are your brother and sister?
Meelo and Ikki appear behind Tenzin, racing each other on air scooters. The wake from their bending causes Tenzin's robes to blow up and cover his head.
Meelo: You can't catch me! I've the greatest air scooter-er of all time! 
Tenzin:  Meelo!
</scene>

<scene>
Tenzin runs to tend to his son. Jinora walks forward to the statue of her grandfather, Avatar Aang, and looks at it in awe. Cut to a close-up of Aang's statue, as the two airbenders lock gazes. Cut to a close-up of Jinora's eye, which dilates suddenly. She looks behind, the camera following her gaze, but there is no one there. Cut to the Southern tundra, a small group of travelers just visible in the white snow. Cut to Korra riding on Naga, an angry look on her face. Tonraq pulls up next to his daughter on his snowmobile.
Tonraq: Korra, you have every right to be mad at me. But I don't want you to make the same mistake I made. I should never have gone into that forest, and we shouldn't be going to the South Pole now. Spirits and the physical world should remain separate.
Korra:  Dad, it's my job to be the bridge between the spirits and the physical world, and I finally have a chance to live up to my potential.
Tonraq:  You don't even know if what Unalaq says is true.
Unalaq:  You want proof? Look to the sky. Where I'm from, the spirits are at peace and they light up the dark.
Korra: The Northern Lights.
Unalaq: Yes. There used to be lights at the South as well, but during the Hundred Year War, the South was thrown out of balance and the lights disappeared. When the War ended, the North helped to rebuild you physically, as a nation, but we have not rebuilt you spiritually. Now the spirits no longer dance in your skies. Instead, they rampage in the Everstorm.
Mako:  I think we're here.
</scene>

<scene>
Korra and Unalaq approach the edge of the cliff Mako has stopped at. Cut to a worried Korra, who gazes at the Everstorm raging in the distance. Cut to the team in the Everstorm, their hoods up to protect their faces against the icy wind. Korra stops and looks back, a roaring in the distance just audible over the wind. Cut to an aerial view of the team, as another, louder roar is heard.
Bolin:  Is that what I think it is?
Unalaq: We must keep moving. 
Bolin:  Oh man, I really don't like this.
Mako: Bolin, just stay calm, there's no reason to-  panic!
</scene>

<scene>
Another dark spirit emerges beneath Naga and lands on her face. Cut to a dark spirit grabbing Unalaq's supplies and another which grabs Korra's supplies. Naga stands on her hind legs, causing Korra to fall from her seat, and chases after the spirit. Korra looks turns and sees a flying spirit emerge. Tonraq forms an ice wall to fend off the spirit but it flies above the wall. Cut to a larger spirit which is running directly at Korra.
Tonraq: Korra, look out!
Tonraq waterbends Korra away and attacks the spirit, but misses and is knocked aside. Another dark spirit enters Bolin's snow mobile.
Bolin:  Oh, it's in the engine!  Aaaahhhhh!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Korra and Mako fighting spirits with firebending. Korra somersaults out of the way and employs Unalaq's purifying move on one of the spirits. The spirit stops in a daze, but it manages to fight it, and pins Korra down. Before the spirit can continue its attack, it is purified by Unalaq and leaves. Mako walks over to Korra and helps her up.
Mako: Is everyone okay?
Bolin: Aaaahhhhh!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the back view of Bolin's snowmobile, which is hurtling away from the group. Cut to Bolin, who is holding onto the handle bars, a terrified look on his face, with Desna and Eska sat next to him, showing no emotion.
Bolin: I can't stop it! 
Eska: I'll save you.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the trio leaping off the snowmobile, which crashes into the cliff and explodes. Desna and Eska drop Bolin onto the snow, causing his snowsuit to inflate, revealing Pabu.
Bolin: I'm a raft!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Desna and Eska as they cover their feet in ice and gracefully slide down the slope back to the team. Cut to an inflated Bolin following the twins, before he is stopped by Mako.
Bolin: Uhhh, can someone please deflate me?  Thank you.
Mako:  Oh, great. There goes our equipment. Now what are we supposed to do?
Tonraq: There's only one thing to do. We have to turn back.
Unalaq: No! The solstice is tonight. And we're so close.
Tonraq: This mission is too dangerous. We're leaving.
Korra:  No, Dad, you're leaving.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to an aerial view of the team in the tundra. Cut to Mako and Tonraq, standing besides Tonraq's snowmobile.
Mako: Don't worry sir, I'll keep an eye on Korra for you.
Tonraq: Thank you, Mako. 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to an irritated Korra, as Tonraq speeds off on his snowmobile.
Unalaq:  Let's open this portal and lead your father and the entire Southern Water Tribe in the right direction. We don't have much time.
Korra: Then what are we waiting for?
</scene>

<scene>
Korra moves forward. Cut to an irritated Bolin, sat in the remains of his damaged snowmobile, which is being pulled by a camel yak ridden on by Eska and Desna. Cut to the entire team, before switching to Korra and Mako, who sit atop Naga.
Korra:  So, what exactly were you and my dad talking about?
Mako: Nothing, he was just worried about you, that's all.
Korra:  Y'know, sometimes I wonder whose side you're on.
Mako: There aren't any sides. We all just want to help however we can. You have to trust that we're here for you.
Korra looks on to the South Pole.
Unalaq: We've arrived.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the interior of the South Pole, where there are a number of trees, their trunks covered in frozen ice.
Korra: Trees frozen in the ice.
Unalaq:  It's just like the sacred forest Tonraq destroyed in the North.
Korra: So, what do I do?
Unalaq: You must find your way to the heart of the forest where the dormant spirit portal lies. From here, you're on your own.
Mako: Wait a second, there's no way she's going alone.
Bolin: Yeah! If she goes,  we go, too!
Unalaq: The Avatar must go alone.
Korra: But I don't have any connection with the spirits. In fact, it seems like they hate me.
Unalaq: You have to believe in yourself, like I believe in you.  What is it?
Korra: I guess I'm just so used to people telling me how to do things that I forgot what it was like to have someone trust in me. 
Unalaq: Korra, all the past Avatars live on inside of you. Let them guide you. Let them help you find the light in the dark. 
Korra:  Wait here, I'll be okay.
Mako: Good luck. 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Korra walking into the South Pole, while the rest of the team looks on. Cut to Korra trudging deeper into the frozen forest with a look of uncertainty and fear. A snake-like dark spirit nears Korra and screeches, causing her to turn around. In the distance, two dark spirits charge toward Korra, causing her to gasp. She turns and starts to run from them, but they manage to catch her and begin to wrap themselves around her body and legs. One of the spirits attempts to attack Korra, but she defends herself with a blast of fire, and frees herself from the spirit wrapped around her with airbending. The spirits charge back at Korra, but she stops them with an ice wall. Korra turns from the spirits, and finds herself in a large cave, a glowing dome positioned in the center.
Korra:  The spirit portal. Amazing.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a room in the Southern Air Temple where Jinora, Ikki, and Meelo are asleep. Jinora awakens and walks through the hall of statues in a daze. Cut to a close-up of her face, as she breaks free from her daze in shock and surprise, finding herself in front of the statue of an unknown Avatar.
Jinora: Whoa. What Avatar is this?
</scene>

<scene>
Cut back to the spirit portal, as Korra stands over the dome, staring into it.
Korra: The light in the dark.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Korra as she readies her stance, and subsequently punches the frozen portal with airbending, but to no effect. Korra tries to firebend at the portal, but still with no results.
Korra: Why isn't it opening?
Numerous dark spirits appear outside the hub and start attacking the roof, shocking Korra.
Korra:  Come on portal, open!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the spirits as they manage to break through the roof. They charge toward Korra and grab her around the waist. Cut to Korra, a scared look on her face, as the spirits continue to tangle themselves around her. They start pulling Korra up toward the roof of the cave as she repeatedly firebends at the spirit portal, but again her attacks have no effect. Korra is dragged further upward, as more spirits wrap themselves around her arms, preventing her from continuing her attacks. She enters the Avatar State, allowing her to momentarily break free and drop toward the portal, but the spirits still manage to keep a hold of her. Korra struggles to reach the portal, reaching desperately with her hand, and finally manages to touch it with her finger. An orange ring forms from where she touched the portal, and the ground cracks beneath her, creating a blast that tosses Korra aside and dispels the spirits. Cut to outside the South Pole, as a green beam of light rises and causes the southern lights to appear in the sky, while the Everstorm dissipates. Cut to Korra looking at the lights.
Korra: The spirits, dancing in the sky.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Jinora at the Southern Air Temple, staring in surprise as the statue she found herself in front begins to glow. Cut back to the South Pole, as the team stare at the bright light that has emerged from the portal.
Mako: I can't believe it.
Bolin: It's beautiful. 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Unalaq looking ahead with a grin. Cut to Tonraq speeding away from the spirit forest. He stops his snowmobile and looks back at the lights.
Tonraq:  She did it.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Korra walking out of the forest.
Bolin:  Hey, Korra, you're back.  Hey, Korra's back! 
Eska: Why are you initiating physical contact with another woman?
Bolin looks at Eska with a weak fearful laugh, before Eska melts the ice wall.
Korra:  Everything you said was true.
Unalaq: Avatar Korra, you have taken the first step in bringing balance back to the South, and soon the whole world.
Mako:  You never cease to amaze me.
Korra: Thanks. By the way, I'm really sorry for being a total pain. Things were really stressful and pretty confusing. It's hard being the Avatar.
Mako:  It's harder being the Avatar's boyfriend. 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the team returning back to the Southern Water Tribe. Korra, Mako, and Unalaq look out to see a number of large battleships entering the harbor. Cut to troops marching in. Cut to the sea, where there are more battleships approaching the city.
Korra:  What are all your Northern troops doing here?
Unalaq: Opening the spirit portal was only the first step in getting the Southern Water Tribe back on its righteous path. There's more difficult work to be done before our two tribes are truly united.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Korra's unsure face, as she looks ahead at the troops.
Fade to credits.
Main Bolin Korra Mako Tonraq Unalaq Antagonists Dark spirits: Minor Bumi Desna and Eska Ikki Jinora Kya Meelo Pema Shung Tenzin<scene>
Shiro Shinobi:  Korra is now the first metalbending Avatar! After training with Su Beifong, Korra quickly picked up the new skill, and Bolin is hoping to follow in her footsteps. Meanwhile, the airbender Zaheer is closing in on Zaofu. By his side are the lavabender Ghazan, the waterbender Ming-Hua, and the combustionbender P'Li. But what do these mysterious criminals want with the Avatar?
</scene>

<scene>
The scene opens to Zaofu, where Korra is sparring with Wing. He fires two meteorites at her, but she dodges them and sends her metal cable at him. He dodges it twice, traps it on the ground, and bends it back at her. The impact of the cable knocks Korra to the ground.
Wing:  I can't believe I'm sparring with the Avatar! 
Wei:  I can't believe I'm stuck with her friend.
</scene>

<scene>
Camera angle changes to an aerial view of the practice area and Wing earthbends a trail toward Korra who jumps and dodges. Bolin stands in front of Wei.
Bolin: Hang on, I think I got it. Let me just try this.  Nope, okay maybe- 
Wei: Trial by fire. It's the best way to learn metalbending.  Agh!
Mako:  Whoa. Nice shot, Bolin!  But I thought you were supposed to be practicing metalbending, not earthbending.
Wei:  Yeah, cheater. 
Bolin: Mako, metalbending is extremely difficult. No one gets it right away, if they can get it at all! It's not normal! 
Korra:  Woo-hoo!  Metalbending champion!
Bolin: Oh sure. She's the Avatar.
Asami: Guys, it's time to get cleaned up. Tonight is Opal's farewell dinner.
Bolin:  Oh, now I have to say bye to Opal? This is the worst day ever! 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Opal's farewell dinner, as the chef walks over and gives Opal her plate.
Opal: Thanks for making my favorite meal.
Chef: I'm really going to miss you, Opal. No one appreciates my raw veggie wraps like you do. 
Bolin:  Every time I eat raw kale, I'm going to think of you.
Opal: You're so sweet.
Bolin: This stinks! We were just starting to get to know each other, and now you're off to the Northern Air Temple.
Opal: We'll be together soon. You guys are coming up after finding more airbenders, right?
Bolin: Yeah, but that's ... in the future. Ugh, I hate the future!
Opal:  Until then, we'll always have kale.
Varrick:  Kid, can I give you some relationship advice?
Bolin:  Umm, no.
Varrick: Well, your loss.  Zhu Li!  bring the, uh, thing.  Check out my latest invention:  an airbender finder. 
Korra:  Wait, that can find airbenders? 
Asami:  Uh ...  I think  it's broken.
Varrick:  It's not broken. She needs to  airbend into it!  How else do you expect the thing to work? 
Mako:  What's going on? I can't hear anything. I hate sitting down here!  Uh, not because of you.
Aiwei:  I can tell you're lying.
</scene>

<scene>
Mako slumps in his chair and sips his drink with an embarrassed expression, as Suyin taps her glass to get everyone's attention. A metallic object tapping against the glass three times is heard. Camera pans back to the middle of the table again and Suyin has stood up with a glass raised.
Suyin: Everyone, if I could have your attention please? Tonight, my beautiful little girl leaves for the Northern Air Temple.  Opal, none of us could be more proud of you. You're an incredible daughter, sister, friend,  and soon to be  airbending master.  Here's to Opal. May she help lead us into the new era! 
</scene>

<scene>
Scene fades to the docking bay at sunset and Opal's airship taking off. Cut to Opal standing at the window of the ship and waving goodbye to her family and friends. Camera angle changes to an aerial view of the docking bay where a small crowd is looking up at the airship and some are waving to Opal. Cut to Kuvira behind the group as she pulls out a radio from a metal bag near her hip.
Kuvira:  Lock it down for the night. 
Lin:  We'll head out first thing in the morning.
</scene>

<scene>
Bolin sighs solemnly and follows her leave, as Korra walks next to him, with her arm resting on his back in comfort. The duo walks away and the metal petals of the city start to close. Cut to an aerial view of all of Zaofu where all the metal flowers close in harmony. Scene changes to a Zaofu guard patrolling the guest houses at night. Cut to an aerial view of the surrounding parks and the guests houses as various guards walk up and down the perimeter. Below, we can see a small group running across a trail in the park toward a bridge. Cut to Zaheer and his gang quietly peering out from under the bridge. In the background, a guard has a metallic staff in hand and he looks down at the bridge for a few seconds before walking off. Zaheer waves his hand and signals to everyone to continue moving forward. Cut to another guard patrolling the sheltered walkway as the bad guys use the cover of darkness to sneak past the walkway undetected. They head toward a guest house in the far end. Cut to Bolin in his pajamas with a blanket over him in his bed, snoring. Pabu is curled up on top of the blanket and the fire ferret perks up with a squeak.
Bolin:  Kale, kale, kale ... Opal ...
Pabu wakes up. The fire ferret leaps off the bed and hops over to the nearby window sill and looks out, noticing the four criminals. He paws against the glass and squeaks loudly in alarm in an attempt to wake his owner jolting Bolin awake.
Bolin: What?  What's going on?  Pabu, sleep!
</scene>

<scene>
Back outside the window, P'Li and Ghazan ducks down an alley between two guest houses while Zaheer and Ming-Hua hide under a window. Zaheer directs his gang onward to the adjacent bedroom window: Korra's. They crouch down beside it, and Ming-Hua raises a water tentacle up and forms a small sickle at the end. She uses the ice sickle to scratch the glass and carves a hole into the window with water bending. Cut to the inside of the room that Ming-Hua is attempting to break into and we see Naga sleeping in front of the bed. Camera pans right to Korra in her pajamas, deeply asleep. Camera returns back to the sickle on the window as it makes a complete circle. Water encases the cut glass and it pulls away quietly off-screen. Another water tentacle arm holding three red darts is soon raised. Naga awakens and growls, but she is quickly knocked out by shirshu-spit darts. Korra wakes up to the sound of her whimpering, as Zaheer bends a blast of air into the window. She avoids it and jumps out of her bed, attempting to firebend, but she is hit by a dart as she lands. Ghazan and P'Li enter and pick her up as she loses consciousness. Back to Bolin's room, as Pabu leaps onto the bed to get his owner's full attention.
Bolin:  Huh? What? Oh, Pabu.  It's not play time right now. Okay, we are seriously going to have to have a talk-  What the heck?! They've got Korra. They've got Korra! 
Mako:  Let her go!  They've got Korra!
An alarm begin to blare loudly, and two guards activate the spotlights and direct their beam down on the criminals.
Ming-Hua: So much for the element of surprise.
Ghazan: Back-up plan.
P'Li turns and fires a blast at each spotlight before curving a third around the pillar Mako and Bolin are using for cover, sending them flying to land outside Asami's door. She runs out to help them.
Mako: We can't let them take her.
Asami: I don't think they're going to get far. Look!
One of Zaofu's guards attacks the group, but is easily overpowered. The criminals try to flee, but are stopped in their tracks as they are surrounded with slabs of metal, bent by Lin Beifong. Wei and Wing add onto the pile, backed up by Kuvira and more guards.
Kuvira: We have you surrounded. It's over. Release the Avatar!
Lava begins to flow out from underneath the pile, evidently bent by Ghazan. Lin uses a rock pillar to propel herself away from the deadly lava, and Kuvira and another guard do the same with their metal cables. The metal cage holding the criminals slowly falls apart under the magma.
Bolin: No way! That guy is lavabending! That's awesome ... ly not good for us.
</scene>

<scene>
The Beifong estate courtyard has become a battleground. The Metal Clan and Team Avatar are pinned down by P'Li while Ghazan and Ming-Hua protect her from retaliatory attacks. Cut to the point of view of Korra, who has regained consciousness but is still paralyzed.
Zaheer: I'm going to create some cover. We've got to get out of here!
He begins to airbend a mask of smoke from Ghazan's lava but is caught by the wrist by a cable of one of the guards, who is able to reel Zaheer off the platform. Ghazan sends a lava bomb at the guard who breaks cover to go after Zaheer, but it is blocked by another guard with a metal slab. Bolin, Mako, Lin, and Asami take cover together behind a slab of metal in order to avoid the criminals' attacks, firing off some of their own. P'Li notices them and arcs a combustion blast to hit them, but it is blocked just short of connecting by another metal slab bent by Suyin and her twin sons, who join them.
Lin:  How did they get in here? 
Suyin: I don't know, but we're not letting them escape!
They look over, as three guards use more metal slabs to create a bridge to get to the criminals. Ghazan knocks the guards off with earthbending.
Asami: There's no way to cross that moat.
Suyin:  We don't need to cross it. Lin and I can drop in from the dome on cables.
Lin:  That's a great idea. Except we'll get blown up the second that third-eyed freak sees us. 
Suyin: She's a combustionbender. If one of you can stun her, her powers will be knocked out temporarily.
Mako: Bolin can land a shot.
Bolin: I can?
Suyin: You have to take her out right before we drop down.
Bolin: I do?
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the top of the dome.
Wing: Open the hatch. 
Suyin: If we get in trouble, metalbend us up.
Wing:  We're in position.
Mako: Copy that. It's Bolin time.
Bolin: All right. Bolin time. Bolin time!  I can't get a clean shot!
Mako: You have to!
Wing:  Are we a go?
Mako: No go!
Wing: Copy that, we're a go.
Mako: I said no! Wait!  Bolin, take the shot!
</scene>

<scene>
P'Li grins and gets ready to fire as Bolin gets up and quickly launches a tiny pebble at her. The pebble hits her dead-centre in her third-eye tattoo, knocks her head back, and causes her attack to explode right above her team. The explosion knocks the criminals down. Cut to Mako who cheers on the success of Bolin's attack, which allowed Suyin and Lin to land safely.
Mako: Haha, nice job, little bro!
Lin picks up Korra and travels with her sister back up toward the dome. Ming-Hua traps her leg with water, but Mako blasts fire at her to break her hold and divert her attention. Meanwhile, Zaheer is busy fighting two guards, but looks up and sees Lin escaping with Korra.
Zaheer: No!
</scene>

<scene>
Zaheer flies up on his glider in pursuit of Lin. He blasts air at the chief, but she manages to avoid it. Just as Zaheer is about to reach her, Suyin swings Lin out of the way and metalbends the metal shards that make up her necklace at the glider, piercing its wings, and sending Zaheer spiraling down. Cut to a frontal shot of the sisters as they continue their ascend.
Lin: Thanks.
Switch back to an overhead shot of Zaheer's descend. As he nears the his companions, he folds his gliders and lands safely next to his team using his airbending.
Zaheer: We've failed!
</scene>

<scene>
Zaheer angrily airbends a huge cloud of smoke; when it clears, the lava has cooled, and there is no sign of them. Cut to the top of the dome.
Lin: Where did they go?
Suyin: They can't be far!  Guards, search the entire estate!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Suyin's office, where Korra lies on the couch, waking up.
Aiwei:  This should neutralize  the shirshu toxins.
</scene>

<scene>
Aiwei tilts the bottle so some of the liquid flows into Korra's mouth. Cut to a side-view of Korra's hand as it slowly twitches and she lifts a finger. Cut to a wider view of the Beifong sisters looking down on the Avatar. Suyin rests her right hand on her chest in relief, though Lin angrily turns to her half-sister, her fists clenched to her sides.
Lin:  How could you let this happen?!  You assured me this was one of the most  secure places in the world.
Suyin: It is. I don't know how this happened. Obviously this was a well-planned operation, so  don't blame me.
Kuvira: We searched the entire estate. There's no sign of them.
Lin: Well, keep looking! 
Aiwei: It would seem they had some inside knowledge of Zaofu. They must've been working with someone.
Korra:  The-  the guards. It had to be one of them.
Aiwei: I agree.
Suyin: Question them all! Whoever betrayed my city will suffer the consequences!
</scene>

<scene>
Suyin storms off and view changes to the open petal city at day time. Cut to an interrogation room, as Aiwei is seated at one end of a small table, with a guard at the next. Shot gradually shifts as Aiwei asks each question, indicating an elapse of time.
Aiwei: What is your full name?  Where were you last night?  Do you have any knowledge of the people who tried to kidnap the Avatar? 
Zhu Guan: My name is Zhu Guan.
Second guard:  I was patrolling the south wall of the Beifong estates.
Third guard:  I have absolutely no knowledge of the people who tried to kidnap Korra.
</scene>

<scene>
Aiwei looks back at Lin and shakes his head, signaling that this man is not the culprit. Korra looks at Lin defeatedly and Lin nods to Aiwei to question the next suspect. Cut to a view of Varrick's hands on the table.
Varrick: What was I doing last night?  Same thing I always do. From nine to ten, I checked my body for ticks. Lyme disease is a serious killer.  Then I did my nightly  Varrick calisthenics, followed by  thirty minutes of breath holding. I filmed the whole thing if you want to watch it.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Aiwei with a hand on his head. Korra has a hand on her mouth and she looks like she is about to laugh. Mako pinches his nose bridge from annoyance. Suyin has two hands clasped in front of her mouth.
Aiwei: That won't be necessary.
Varrick and his assistant leave the interrogation room and close the door behind them.
Lin: Maybe it wasn't a guard after all. Maybe it was someone a little higher up the food chain. Aiwei, why don't you question Su?
Korra: Lin, stop! Your sister was not involved!
Suyin: No,  I'll gladly be questioned. I have nothing to hide. 
Aiwei:  What is your full name?
Suyin: Suyin Beifong. I'm the daughter of Toph and  the only sister to Lin, and I had nothing to do with the attack last night.
Aiwei:  She is telling  the truth.
Korra: This is a waste of time! Just bring in the next guard!
The next guard walks in and sits down.
Aiwei: Give me your name and tell me where you are from.
Hong Li: I'm Hong Li. I was born and raised here in Zaofu.
Aiwei: Do you have any knowledge of the people who tried to kidnap the Avatar?
Hong Li: No.
Aiwei:  Did you help the attackers enter Zaofu last night?
Hong Li: No, of course not.
Aiwei:  You're lying.
Hong Li:  What?! No, I'm not! 
Suyin: How did they get in and out?  Where are they now?
Hong Li:  I don't know! I'm telling you, I didn't help them!
Suyin: You're a traitor to the entire clan!
Aiwei: I suggest we search his place.
</scene>

<scene>
Hong Li's eyes widen and quiver with fright. Cut to an apartment complex which is Hong Li's house, as they search for evidence. Cut to the inside of an apartment with Team Avatar and Aiwei searching for clues. Bolin walks to the kitchen and opens the oven before closing it in disappointment. He stands up and opens a small cupboard above. Cut to Mako's hands separating some papers on a desk and he picks up a small written note.
Mako: I got something!
Bolin:  What? 
Mako:  It looks like it's from them.  "Team assembled. Ready to rendezvous."
Asami:  And look at this.
Aiwei:  These are the guards' logbooks. All their schedules and routes are in here.
Korra: That guard knows everything.  We have to get him to talk.
Mako: Let's go confront him with this evidence right now.
Aiwei: No.  Let's give him a little time to sweat it out. He will talk eventually.
</scene>

<scene>
Aiwei walks away. Cut to Mako who forms a slightly suspicious look on his face as he watches the truth seer leave. Location changes to an overhead view of Team Avatar checking out the cooled down moat from last night. Naga is walking around, sniffing the rocks. A few Zaofu guards watch over the crime scene.
Mako: I don't understand why we're not talking to that guard right now.  Every minute we waste here, those guys get further away. I mean, how does a random guard get involved with a group of super criminals anyway?
Asami: What do you mean?
Mako: That guard is only eighteen years old and has lived in Zaofu his entire life. Zaheer and his gang have been in prison for more than thirteen years.
Korra: I don't know, but we all saw the evidence. It's pretty overwhelming.
Varrick:  Maybe a little too overwhelming?
Bolin: Hey, Varrick. What are you doing here?
Varrick: Collecting pumice stones with Zhu Li. That lavabender did a lot of damage, but he makes a nice exfoliating rock, and when you got callouses like mine, you take all the pumice stones you can get your hands on. Or in my case, feet.
Varrick laughs, as Zhu Li rubs a stone against his foot, to Team Avatar's disgust.
Mako: What were you saying about the evidence?
Varrick: I was saying that I can smell a conspiracy when I see one. Look, if I was trying to set someone up, I would tell everyone he's guilty and then plant the evidence in his apartment as proof.
Mako: Oh, you mean exactly like what you did to me?
Varrick: Yes, just like that! Remember how great that worked? Well, not for you.
Mako: You're right. All the evidence points to this guard, but maybe he's just the fallback.
Bolin: But for who?
Mako: For the only person who can truly keep a secret in this city: Aiwei.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Team Avatar, outside Aiwei's house. Bolin peeks into the window.
Bolin: He's not home. Or he's hiding in there.  Or he's invisible.  Probably just not home.
Mako: We have to get in there and find some evidence that links Aiwei to Zaheer, otherwise Su won't believe us. 
Asami: It's just an empty book. 
Bolin: Hmm, it's like a desert on a jar.
Mako: Bolin, put that back! We don't want Aiwei to know we were in here if we can't find anything.  You forgot where it goes, didn't you?  These look like scuff marks. I think this bookshelf slides open. 
Korra: What do you think is down there?
Bolin: Could be a storage cellar.
Mako: Or it could be how Zaheer got in and out.
Asami: Aiwei's coming back! Quick.
The trio run off of the stairs and slide the bookshelf back where it was, as Aiwei enters.
Aiwei: What are doing in my house? You are trespassing on the property of one of the highest-ranked officials in the city. You'd better have a good explanation.
Bolin: We do. We do. We actually knocked on your front door and we thought we heard you say,  'Come in, I'm in the bathroom!'  I don't even know why I'm saying that. You know I'm lying, and you don't even sound like that.
Korra: We came here because things weren't adding up, and we thought you might have some answers.
Aiwei:  Sit. If you want to talk, let's talk over some tea.  Now, what is not adding up exactly? Hong Li was clearly lying and we found evidence in his apartment.
Mako: But don't you think it's weird how young he is? How did he ever get mixed up with this group?
Aiwei:  Perhaps through a relative, or maybe he was bribed. We will find out those answers in time. But if wasn't him, who do you think it was?
Asami: We don't know.
Aiwei:  You don't think I had something to do with this, do you?
Korra: We're just looking for answers.
Aiwei: And you think you've found something, don't you?  You have no idea what is coming for you, Avatar.
Aiwei metalbends his stairs upward. Mako firebends at the new wall, but it has no effect. Korra metalbends into the wall, but only makes a small rupture.
Mako: Come on, he's getting away!
Korra: I'm still a little new at this, so back off!  Ugh!
Mako: He's gone.
Korra:  Look, he must've escaped through there! Help me clear it out.
Bolin and Korra do so with earthbending to reveal a tunnel entrance, as Lin and Suyin run into the room.
Lin: What happened? We heard an explosion.
Suyin: Where's Aiwei?
Korra: Your trusted adviser is the one who betrayed us. He was lying about the guard.
Suyin: What? No!
Korra: We confronted him and he bolted through here.
Lin uses seismic sense on the tunnel.
Lin: He must have collapsed the tunnel behind him.
Mako: And he rigged an explosion to destroy any evidence that might have been here.
Korra: This is where Zaheer got in and out. Aiwei was the traitor.
Suyin:  I ... trusted him.
Kuvira:  Is everyone okay?
Lin: Aiwei is a fugitive. Get all available guards to search the mountainside, and find out where this tunnel exits immediately!
</scene>

<scene>
Kuvira obeys, and Lin walks over to comfort her sister. Cut back to Suyin's office, where the Beifong sisters and Team Avatar are sitting. Kuvira runs to the door.
Lin: What did you find?
Kuvira: We located the end of the tunnel, but there's no sign of him. Just some fresh tire tracks. 
Mako: He had an escape plan all ready to go.
Suyin: I trusted him with my life. I thought we were family, but it was all a lie.
Mako: Whoever these guys are, they're more powerful than we thought, and more dangerous.
Korra: That's why we have to find them. We're going to hold off our search for airbenders and hunt down Aiwei. Naga can track his scent.
Asami: And I bet if we find Aiwei, we'll find Zaheer.
Lin: No! We're not hunting this group. There could be other secret agents in other parts of the world looking for you right now! I'm taking you back to Republic City, where I can protect you.
Korra: If I wasn't safe here, then I'm not safe anywhere. I have to stop them!
Lin: It's too dangerous! You are not going!
Korra: Stop trying to protect me! I'm the Avatar. This is my job!
Lin: Don't lecture me about jobs!
Suyin: Enough! Korra, listen to Lin.
Korra: But ... they ...
Suyin: Please. Lin's only looking out for you. I promise you, Aiwei and everyone he's working with will be brought to justice.
Korra: Fine, if you really think it's best.
Suyin: I do.
Lin: Thank you, Su.
Suyin: Everyone should get some rest tonight. I'll have my people prep your airship and you can leave first thing in the morning.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Team Avatar's apartment. There's a knock at the door. Korra opens it to find Suyin.
Korra: Su.
Suyin: You really think Naga could track Aiwei?
Korra: Definitely.
Suyin: Then, here.  There's a jeep packed with supplies on the east gate. It's all gassed up and ready to go.
Korra: What? Why?
Suyin: Because I want you to hunt down Aiwei and bring him back to me.
Bolin: But you said -
Suyin: I said what Lin wanted to hear and I bought you guys some time. Go. I'll deal with Lin in the morning.
Korra: Let's get this guy!  Thanks.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Korra, riding on Naga, with the rest of Team Avatar in the jeep behind her. Cut to credits.
Main Asami Sato Bolin Korra Lin Beifong Mako Suyin Beifong Antagonists Aiwei Ghazan Ming-Hua P'Li Zaheer: Minor Baatar Baatar Jr. Chef Hong Li Huan Kuvira Opal Beifong Varrick Wei and Wing Zhu Li<scene>
Shiro Shinobi:  Korra is safely back in Republic City, but Bolin and Varrick are still on the lam! Weeks ago, Korra removed the remaining poison from her body, but the memory of Zaheer's attack still torments her and, after being defeated by Kuvira, she questions if she will ever fully recover. Meanwhile, Kuvira has been secretly harvesting spirit vines from the swamp, but how close is she to completing her spirit energy weapon?
</scene>

<scene>
The scene opens to the camera panning down from the tops of the buildings of Republic City to the entrance of the Spirit Wilds, where a small crowd has gathered.
Ryu: Everyone! Mom! Can we stay together, please? The tour is about to begin.
Ryu's mother: That's my boy. Ryu, he used to live in the basement, but then he got airbending, and he's been doing important Air Nation stuff all over the world.  His father and I are here, visiting him and, we're just having the best time in the big city, we're so proud. Right, honey?
Ryu's father: Well, at least he has a job now.
Ryu:  Mom, Dad, I'm trying to work!
</scene>

<scene>
The scene shifts to within the Spirit Wilds, where Ryu is reading his cue cards.
Ryu:  Fun fact, everyone. All these vines were created by UnaVaatu when he battled giant spirit Korra for the fate of the world.
Tourist #1:  Excuse me, are we in the Spirit World right now?
Ryu:  No.
Tourist #1:  Is the Spirit World in the ground below us?
Ryu:  No! Can I just get through my cards?
Ryu's mother:  Aw, honey, don't get flustered.
Ryu:  I'm not!
Tourist #1: Uhh, why is that vine coming toward us?
The view switches to behind them, looking down the street; a single vine is moving, creeping along the ground like a snake.
Ryu:  Uh ... I don't see anything about that in the cards.
Tourist #1:  I'm gonna poke it with a stick.
Ryu: No! Why would you do that?
The photographer pokes the spirit vine with a stick. After a brief pause, it smacks the stick out of the photographer's hand and wraps around him, raising him high into the air. Ryu races toward the vine and its captive.
Ryu: Everyone back!
Ryu's mother: This tour is exciting!
Flipping around his own axis, Ryu sends a blade of air at the vine, attempting to cut it, though to no avail. As Ryu's mother looks on in affection at him, everyone behind her is taken captive by more spirit vines.
Ryu's mother:  Isn't Ryu the best airbender ever?
</scene>

<scene>
As she turns to face the other tourists, a vine wraps around her ankle, lifting her also into the air as she screams. Ryu, turning to see his mother trapped, is attacked and wrapped up by a vine as well. As Ryu and the first captured tourist disappear from the frame, the latter drops his camera, which plummets to the ground, where the lens cracks and the body breaks. The scene shifts to Air Temple Island. Korra sits on the steps of a building, earthbending the stone of the courtyard; the view switches to Korra's side of the courtyard as Naga chases after each bit of earth that pops up. In the background, Opal can be seen walking down a short flight of stairs on the opposite side of the courtyard from Korra. As Opal approaches her, Korra sees her, the smile vanishing from her face, and stops earthbending. The airbender looks dejected.
Korra: Everything okay?
Opal: No. Kuvira has my family and no one seems to care but me.
Korra:  We all care. Don't worry, we'll get them back safely.
Jinora comes flying in with her wingsuit and lands next to Korra and Opal.
Jinora: Guys, there you are! I just felt a weird surge of spiritual energy coming from the Spirit Wilds. Something's wrong.
</scene>

<scene>
As looks of concern cross Korra and Opal's faces, the scene cuts to the three girls walking around the spirit wilds in the city.
Opal: Are you sure you felt a disturbance? Maybe you just had some bad food for breakfast.
Jinora:  I'm telling you, I felt it. Maybe something happened to Ryu's tour group. We should've run into them by now.
Korra: Yeah, but it's Ryu. They might be at the mall, for all we know.
Jinora: Korra, can't you feel how strange the energy is?
Korra: No ... but maybe I can get a reading.
Closing her eyes, she puts her right hand on the vine she is standing next to. The vegetation beneath her hand glows and through the vine, she sees Kuvira's army covering the banyan-grove tree in the Foggy Swamp, cutting it into pieces. One of the vines, when cut, lashes out at the mecha tank working on it and wraps it up. Another suit shoots cables onto the vine, restricting the vegetation in order to save to other mecha tank, saving it. Other suites cut through the roots of the tree with chainsaw extensions on heir arms. In shock, Korra pulls back her hand from the root.
Opal:  Korra, what is it? Are you okay?
Korra: It was Kuvira. I saw her taking vines from the swamp. It must be affecting our Spirit Wilds. I bet that's what you were sensing, Jinora.
Jinora: Why is she taking vines?
Korra: Whatever the reason, I'm sure it's not good.
Opal: We have to tell Raiko. This might help him convince the other leaders to finally take her down!
Jinora: I'll keep looking for Ryu and the others.
</scene>

<scene>
Korra and Opal run off together to City Hall, while Jinora runs in the other direction, deeper into the wilds. Cut to an outside view of City Hall.
Raiko:  I say we deal with this Kuvira situation immediately.
Wu:  Yes! Agreed! And I know just how to get rid of her: we tell her she won an all-expense paid vacation to a tropical island. Then, when she gets there, we reveal that it was a trap. The island's a prison! Boom! Got her!  Or, okay, uh, I'm just spitballing here. We march in with an army of highly trained badgermoles!  Do we know if Kuvira has any allergies?
Raiko: Look, I think we all know what must be done. We take the fight to her.
Tenzin:  I don't believe attacking is the right move, since she hasn't done anything aggressive toward the United Republic.
Lin: Not yet. But Kuvira can't be trusted. She told us that she was going to turn over power and she didn't. I'm with Raiko. I say we go on the offensive and start by retaking Zaofu.
Korra and Opal barge into the meeting.
Korra: President Raiko, I'm sorry to interrupt, but ...  What's going on here?
Wu:  Oh, hey, Avatar Korra. Just kickin' it world leader-style, trying to figure out what to do about Kuvira. For the record, I told Raiko he should've invited you.
</scene>

<scene>
Camera pans right to Raiko looking at Wu. Raiko's eyes turn to the right to Korra. Cut to Korra, Mako, and Opal.
Korra:  You invited him,  but not me?
Tenzin: Please, Korra, it's not personal. We just thought, perhaps we called you back into action a little too soon.
Korra: Again, him, not me?!
Raiko:  Korra, we're in the middle of a meeting and we can't have people just barge in whenever they want!
Bolin and Varrick barge in.
Bolin: Guys!  Oh,  perfect! You're all here.
</scene>

<scene>
Bolin momentarily bends over, panting in exhaustion, though when he erects himself, he gives a small wave and grin to all those present. Cut to a shot of Korra, Mako, and Opal, who look on in surprise.
Opal and Mako:  Bolin? 
Raiko:  What are you doing here?! Guards, remove these traitors!
Bolin:  No! We escaped Kuvira's army!  We're back on your side now!  We have top secret information for you!
</scene>

<scene>
Shot pans across a serious Tenzin, a surprised Wu, and a thinking Raiko. Raiko nods. Cut to a shot of the guards who let Bolin and Varrick go.
Varrick:  Okay, I guess we should've opened with that line.
Bolin: Listen to me. Kuvira's making this thing that goes  I don't know how it works, but it has this 
Varrick:  It's a super weapon! Like a regular weapon, only super.
Korra:  And let me guess: it has something to do with spirit vines.
Varrick:  Yes! How did you know?
Korra: I saw a vision of her taking spirit vines from the swamp.
Varrick: If she figures out how to harness their power, we are all doomed.
Raiko:  She might use the weapon to attack Republic City. The only way to protect ourselves is with a preemptive strike.
Tenzin:  My airbenders won't be part of an unprovoked attack!
Izumi: Neither will the Fire Nation. 
Raiko:  But, Fire Lord Izumi, Kuvira is a threat to the world! She has to be stopped!
Izumi:  The Fire Nation has spent too much of its history  fighting nonsense wars.  And I refuse to drag my nation into another one  unless there is no other choice.  If you attack Kuvira, you'll do it without my army.
Raiko: Fine. I'll hold off any plans of attack. We'll go on the defensive and fortify security on the borders.
Izumi: In that,  you'll have my help.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the exit of the building, where Opal walks out. Bolin catches up with her.
Bolin: Opal, wait! Please,  I just want to say that I'm sorry for everything.
Opal:  I'm glad you're okay, but it's a little late for "sorry".
Bolin: I know, I know.  I didn't listen to you, and I  sided with Kuvira, and I helped her take over the Earth Kingdom, and topple your home, and get your  mom captured, and  your brothers, and your dad ...  Wow, that does sound really bad when I say it out loud like that. But I'm gonna make it up to you.
Lin: Pardon me, lovebirds, but I need a word with Opal.  Privately.  I'm sorry, kid, but Raiko couldn't convince the other leaders to attack Kuvira.
Opal: So our family ...
Lin: Looks like we're going to have to save them ourselves.
Opal: Don't you think some other people would agree to go with us?
Lin: This is an unsanctioned and dangerous mission into enemy territory. We can't ask other people to risk their necks for our family. If we want to break them out, we'll have to do it alone.
Pan to Bolin, who is still waiting by the exit. Mako and Korra walk up to him.
Mako: Bolin, I'm so glad you're back. I was worried about you.
Korra: We all were. 
Bolin: Thanks, guys. Mako, I'm so sorry about the way we left things. I'm such an idiot. You tried to warn me about Kuvira and I ran off anyway, like an idiot. You were right and I'm just an idiot. I hope ... that ... I'll be able to earn your trust again.
Korra: If anyone has lost people's trust, it's me. Ever since Kuvira kicked my butt, no one even wants me around.
Mako:  We want you around.  And Bolin, you're not an idiot. You were just doing what you thought was right.
Bolin: Aww, I love you guys. And I really wanna hug again. 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut back to the Spirit Wilds where Jinora is walking, still on the lookout for Ryu and his tour group. She finds the broken camera that was dropped by one of the tourists, though before she can continue her investigation, she finds herself attacked by a spirit vine. Right before it grabs her, she blasts herself onto a roof and dodges another vine attacking her. She jumps down again, flying away with her wingsuit, while evading more vines as they try to grab her. She cannot outrun them, however, and ends up captured as well. While the vines constrict her, she closes her eyes and focuses. Cut to an aerial shot of the square in from on City Hall where Mako and Korra are talking to each other. Jinora's spirit projection appears in front of them.
Jinora: Korra! The vines! They're taking me! Help!
The projection vanishes again. Korra and Mako give each other a worried look. Fade to the entrance of the spirit wilds.
Lin: Get everyone out of here. Put up a perimeter. Cancel all tours. Somebody get a hold of Tenzin.
Korra:  We gotta get in there and find Jinora.
Lin: I don't think anyone should be going in there right now.
Korra: I know I'm not the old Avatar I used to be, but I can do this.
A vine suddenly emerges from the wilds, narrowly missing Lin, Korra, and Mako.
Lin:  Be careful.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Mako and Korra as they venture through the spirit wilds.
Korra: Jinora!
Mako: Hello, anyone?  Wait. Do you hear that?
</scene>

<scene>
The rustling intensifies as the shot cuts to inside a building and slowly zooms in on Korra and Mako. It cuts back to the outside of the building as three vines crash through the window and attack Mako and Korra. They both defend themselves with firebending and airbending, respectively, though Mako is taken and lifted into the air. Korra severs the vine with her firebending and uses another fire arc to keep the vines at a distance, while she and Mako retreat.
Korra: Come on!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a side-view inside a building as Korra breaks through the wall and runs inside. Mako is on her trail, though stops to release some fire punches at the incoming vines. Korra turns and uses her earthbending to close the hole and prevent the advancing vines from following them.
Mako: Korra, look.  What are those? 
Korra: It's Jinora and the rest of them. Their spirits are trapped in the Spirit World.
Mako:  Let's get them out.
Korra:  Don't! You'll provoke the vines. Let me try.  They won't open.  Maybe if I meditate into the Spirit World, I can free them.
She sits down and starts meditating. The frame zooms on her face as she leaves the physical world before zooming out to show her standing, her eyes closed. Korra stands on the flat top of a tall rock; several more like it stand nearby, poking up out of a foggy layer of clouds below. She opens her eyes and looks around.
Korra: Wait ... this isn't the Spirit World.
A sudden gust of wind whips her hair around her face; after a moment's hesitation, she turns around to see Zaheer behind her, floating in midair.
Korra: Zaheer! No!
Zaheer sends Korra tumbling across the surface of the rock with a blast of air. She slides to the edge of the column, where she lies stunned for a short moment. Rising, Korra firebends at him, but the fire dies and she kneels down again, clutching her left arm with which she had bent the fire in pain.
Zaheer: You can't fight me and the poison!
Korra:  No ... I got it out!
Zaheer: You'll never get it out!
He traps her in vortex of air and engulfs her head in a ball of air, before starting to bend the air out of her lungs, suffocating her. Korra jolts back into the real world, where she leans heavily on her hands, sweat dripping down her face and shoulders.
Mako: Korra! What's wrong?
Korra:  It's Zaheer.
Mako: What are you talking about?
Korra: He's been haunting me ever since I fought him. I can't get any peace. It's like he's blocking me from meditating into the Spirit World. 
Mako: I'm here for you. What do you need?
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the police roadblock at the entrance to the wilds, where Korra and Mako are talking to Tenzin.
Korra: I want to face Zaheer.
Tenzin:  Korra, he's too dangerous. Even when he's locked up, he can't be trusted.
Korra: I need to if I wanna save Jinora and the others. There's no other way.
Tenzin: There is another way. I'm calling your father. He can lead an expedition into the Spirit World from the Southern portal.
Korra:  You've lost faith in me, too, haven't you?  No one thinks I'm capable of anything anymore.
Tenzin:  It's not that at all.
Korra:  I know I can do this.
Tenzin: I'm just so worried for Jinora. I can't imagine if something happened to you, too.
Korra:  Tenzin, please. I'll be okay.
Tenzin:  Zaheer's imprisoned deep in the mountains outside the city. I'll call Raiko and get the clearance.
Korra:  Thank you.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to an aerial shot of Air Temple Island. Bolin is walking in the garden.
Bolin: Pab-pabs, where are you?  Pabu! Oh, I missed you so much!  So, I don't know if you've heard, but Opal's kind of mad at me. I was hoping ... you could help me win her back.  Awesome! Yes, I have an idea.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the outside of the temple where Opal is sitting on a set of steps, reading a book. Pabu runs up to her with a pink ribbon tied around his neck.
Opal: Hello, Pabu.  Well, it's good to see you, too.  What do you got there?
</scene>

<scene>
Opal takes the note and reads it, suddenly getting a worried expression on her face. The scene shifts to Opal running through the greenery and toward a clearing where Bolin is sitting, pouring tea with a smile.
Bolin: Opal, you made it!
Opal: What's this?
Bolin: A picnic, just for the two of us! Well, the three of us. Sorry, Pabs.
Opal: So, this note Pabu brought me saying you broke both of your legs was just a ruse?
Bolin: Maybe ... but now that you're here, don't you want to just sit back, relax, try some of my homemade steam buns  —Pema's recipe—and watch Pabu do some of his world-famous backflips for entertainment? Ha-hah!
Opal:  Oh. Steam buns. My favorite. This will totally make me forget that you worked for Kuvira, the person who captured my family and is probably torturing them right now. So yeah, let's just sit down and have a great picnic because we're so in love!  I'm sorry you had to see that, Pabu. 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Raiko's office inside of City Hall, where Raiko, Varrick, and Asami have gathered.
Raiko: Thank you both for coming.
Varrick: It's nice to be welcomed back with open arms.
Raiko: Actually, I brought you here out of necessity. It's no secret I never liked you. Especially after you tried to have me kidnapped.
Varrick: Allegedly.
Asami:  Right. Everything you do is "allegedly". Like when you took over my company and bombed the Southern Water Tribe Cultural Center!
Varrick: I own that building! A man has a right to blow up his own property!
Raiko: Right now, I need you to put aside your differences. If Kuvira really is creating a super weapon, we're going to need the two brightest minds in the city working together to stop it.
Varrick: What do you say, Asami?  Partners again?
Asami:  Fine. I'll help.  But don't even think about double-crossing me again. 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to an aerial shot of Zaheer's prison within the mountains. Korra and Mako stand outside the building as the doors are opened.
Mako: Are you sure you're ready for this?
Korra: Yes. I think if I see Zaheer chained up, I'll finally realize that he's not a threat anymore.
They walk up to the doors and into an elevator. The elevator moves down and lands underground. They walk up to another metal doorway, which a White Lotus sentry opens to reveal a wall.
White Lotus guard: Approach the wall. 
Korra: No. I need to do this alone.
She approaches the wall and the door behind her is lifted down. The elevator brings her down to Zaheer's room and the door opens when she gets there. She sees Zaheer, unshaven and chained up in mid-air.
Zaheer: I figured you would show up sooner or later. So ... you must really be in trouble if you came all the way down here to see me.
Korra: I came here to look you in the eye and tell you that you have no power over me. I will no longer be scared of you.
Zaheer assumes a menacing facial expression and lunges at Korra. She gasps and steps back.
Zaheer:  I guess it didn't work. You still seem scared.
Korra: This was a mistake. 
Zaheer: I know why you're here.
Korra: You don't know anything about me!
Zaheer: You can't go into the Spirit World. I spend most of my time in the Spirit World and it's well known that the Avatar's spirit hasn't been there for a few years.
Korra: You can meditate into the Spirit World from here? Doesn't feel very spiritually charged.
Zaheer: This is your problem. Republic City is flowing with spiritual energy and you can't even tap into it.
Korra: No, my problem is you! You poisoned me! You've ruined me! People used to think I was unstoppable, but now they don't think I'm capable of anything!
Zaheer: Blaming me is a crutch to make you feel better, but it's not helping you recover.
Korra: I thought seeing you face-to-face would put an end to all of this. But maybe it's time I realize I'll never be the same.
Zaheer: Neither of us are the same as before. I learned to fly, but now I'm bound in chains. You have all the power in the world and the freedom to use it, but you choose to hold yourself down.
Korra: I'm not holding myself down, but my powers have limits!
Zaheer: You're wrong. That poison should've killed you, but you were able to fight it off. You think your power has limits; I say, it's limitless.
Korra: Whatever. Before, you were always talking about chaos and freedom. Then you took out the Earth Queen and created the worst dictator the Earth Kingdom has ever seen. Thanks for that!
Zaheer: I've heard rumors about her, but I didn't know she achieved so much power. She needs to be stopped.
Korra: Well, I can't stop her unless I get over this block.
Zaheer: I think I can help. Let me lead you into the Spirit World.
Korra: No way. I can't trust you.
Zaheer: Maybe not. But if you had any other options, you wouldn't be here now, would you? We may have been enemies once, but for now, our interests align.
Korra: I've come this far. What have I got to lose? 
Zaheer:  Focus on the sound of my voice and clear your mind.  Let it play out.
Korra: I can't!
Zaheer: You can. Accept what happened to you. Don't fear what might have been.
Korra: I have no control!
Zaheer:  Don't be afraid. Hold on!
Korra crashes through the rocky ground, but finds herself in the meadows of the Spirit World.
Korra: I made it ... and you led me here. Do you know where Jinora and the others are?
Zaheer: No, but you do.
He heads back into the physical world. Raava lights up inside of Korra.
Korra: Raava, I missed you. Where have you been?
Raava: I have always been inside of you.
Korra: Can you help me find Jinora?  How do I release their spirits?
Raava: You must bend the energy within.
Korra: But I'm powerless in the Spirit World.
Raava: No. You're most powerful here. In the Spirit World, you're connected to all the spiritual energy.
</scene>

<scene>
Korra walks over to the force field and puts her hand on it. Her eyes glow and the force field becomes a golden yellow, signifying the release of the spirits. Cut to Jinora and the tour group being released from their vines.
Ryu: Ugh ... I feel all spirity.
Jinora:  Dad!
Tenzin: I'm so glad you're safe. What happened? How did you get out?
Jinora: Korra saved us.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut back to Korra and Mako walking out of the prison.
Mako: So ... how are you doing?
Korra: I feel ... whole again. I feel good.
Mako: Do you think you're finally able to forget about what Zaheer did to you?
Korra: No. But I am finally able to accept what happened and I think that's gonna make me stronger.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut back to Air Temple Island. Lin is on top of a bison and Opal is handing her the last of the belongings they are taking on their mission. Bolin runs to a spot near them.
Bolin: Where are you going?
Opal: We've got some family business to take care of.
Bolin: All right, listen. Before you go, I just want to tell you that I understand how you feel. I know there is nothing I could do or no big gesture that could make up for all my mistakes, but that doesn't mean I'm gonna stop trying to win you back because ... I love you.
Opal: Thanks for saying all of that.  You know ... there is one thing you could do to win me back.
Bolin:  What is it? Yes, I'll do anything!
Opal:  Come on a secret mission with us.
Bolin: Where to?
Opal: Zaofu. We're going to rescue my family. 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to credits.
Main Bolin Jinora Korra Lin Beifong Mako Opal Beifong Tenzin Zaheer: Minor Asami Sato Izumi Naga Pabu Raava Raiko Ryu Ryu's father Ryu's mother Several tourists Varrick White Lotus sentries Wu<scene>
Tenzin: Earth. Fire. Air. Water. Only the Avatar can master all four elements and bring balance to the world.
Shiro Shinobi:  Republic City welcomes a new citizen into our arms. Avatar Korra! After years of seclusion in the South, this master of water, earth, and fire seeks to add airbending to her list of skills. And under the tutelage of Tenzin, Avatar Aang's son, she should go far. But will this cool, calm, collective master of air be able to tame this hotheaded teen?
</scene>

<scene>
The episode starts with Oogi flying down toward the ground of Air Temple Island. As the camera pans down, it shows the air temple beside the Yin and Yang courtyard with the mountains and the rest of Republic City behind it.
Korra:  And, in the final round, the Buzzard Wasps  won with a decisive knockout!  What do you say we go to the arena tonight,  catch a few pro-bending matches?
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a side shot of the dining room. Besides the table Korra and Tenzin are sitting on, there are three more tables occupied by other people, all donned in the yellow and red attire, typical of the Air Nomad culture. Air Acolytes of both genders are eating and drinking together.
Tenzin:  That sport is a mockery of the noble tradition of bending. 
Korra: Come on, Tenzin! I've dreamed about seeing a pro-bending match since I was a kid  and now I'm just a ferry ride away from  the arena.
Tenzin:  Korra, you're not here to watch that drivel. You're here to finish your Avatar training.  So, for the time being, I want you to remain on the island.
Korra:  Is that why you're keeping the White Lotus sentries around,  to watch my every move?
Tenzin: Yes. In order to learn airbending I believe you require a calm,  quiet environment, free from any distractions.
Korra:  All right,  you're the master.
</scene>

<scene>
Switch to a shot from behind Korra as she turns around and looks out the window behind her with a longing look upon her face. The camera slowly zooms in on her, before switching to a shot outside of the dining room window through which the golden building that houses the pro-bending matches can be seen. The scene slowly moves toward it. Switch to Tenzin and Korra walking outside underneath a wooden shed. A ring-tailed flying lemur soars by as the camera slowly pans to the left as the duo is walking on. Korra is now wearing typical Air Nomad attire instead of her usual Water Tribe clothing.
Tenzin: So, my mother informed me that  you've never been able to airbend before.
</scene>

<scene>
As Tenzin mentions that, Korra stops in her tracks and sighs deeply, while the scene keeps following Tenzin as he walks on. Cut to a broader shot as Tenzin turns to face her. Korra has modified her outfit a bit by stripping up her sleeves, leaving her arms bare.
Korra:  Yeah, but I don't know why. The other elements came so easily to me,  but every single time I've tried airbending-  nothing.
Tenzin:  That's perfectly all right. You just need to be patient.  Often the element that's the most difficult for the Avatar to master is the one most opposite to the Avatar's personality.  For Aang, it was earthbending.
Korra:  Yeah. Well, I'm about as opposite an airbender as you can get.
Tenzin:  Let's begin your first lesson.
</scene>

<scene>
Korra stares dumbfounded at Tenzin's back. Switch to back shot of both Tenzin and Korra as they climb some stairs. As the camera moves up with them, Tenzin's children come into view. Ikki is jumping excitedly up and down while clapping her hands; Jinora stands solemnly in the middle; Meelo is vividly waving at the upcoming duo. Behind them, there is a circle filled with several wooden gates, all standing in a different direction. The elemental symbol of airbending is applied to every gate.
Ikki:  Korra's gonna airbend! Korra's gonna airbend!
Korra:  What is that contraption?
</scene>

<scene>
The scene switches to a back shot of the three children as Korra and Tenzin pull up. Korra gazes in awe at the airbending tool.
Tenzin: A time-honored tool that teaches the most fundamental aspect of airbending. Jinora, would you like to explain this exercise?
Jinora:  The goal is to weave your way through the gates and make it to the other side without touching them.
Korra:  Seems easy enough.
Ikki:  Jinora forgot to say that you have to make it through while the gates are spinning.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a shot of Tenzin's boots as he walks up to the gates and takes on an airbending stance. Switch to a frontal shot; the camera pans up as he twists and turns his hands. The scene freezes on his face for a moment when he elevates his hands above his head. The camera quickly moves back to include the gates in the shot the moment Tenzin thrusts his hands forward, releasing a burst of air. His coat flaps in the wind, and the gates start to spin rapidly. The camera switches to an aerial shot of the events, moving forward to the gates, now all spinning. Briefly switch to a side shot of Tenzin as he tranquilly holds up a leaf, before switching to a shot from his point of view, the leaf held between his thumb and index finger.
Tenzin:  The key is to be like the leaf.  Flow with the movement of the gates.  Jinora will demonstrate.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a shot of Tenzin looking seriously at his daughter who is looking up. She decisively runs up to the gates, Tenzin follows her with his gaze. Cut to Jinora as she weaves her way through the ancient airbending tool. Cut to a side shot as she is rapidly switching direction each time a spinning panel comes near her.
Tenzin:  Airbending is all about spiral movements. When you meet resistance, you must be able to switch direction at a moment's notice.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to an overview shot of Jinora making her way through the spinning objects. Briefly cut to her feet as she is walking up to the rim of the spinning panels; switch to a wider shot as Jinora exits through the other side of the airbending tool. Cut to a wide side shot as the panels are losing speed and start to spin slower. Jinora turns and blows another gust of wind through the panels, making them spin rapidly again. The camera pans to the right along with the gust of wind.
Korra:  Let's do this!
</scene>

<scene>
Korra decisively runs into the airbending tool, colliding against the first panel she encounters. Being thrown to the side, she slams right into the next one. Close-up of Tenzin as he grimaces in pain upon witnessing Korra colliding with every panel she comes across. Switch to a frontal shot of Korra inside the spinning airbending tool, as she is hit by two other panels. Aerial shot of Korra as she is catapulted from panel to panel and eventually tossed out on her behind in front of Tenzin and his children. She scrambles back on her feet. Cut to a frontal shot of the airbending family; they are blocked from view as Korra stands up completely again, an annoyed and determined look across her face. She runs back in, narrowly avoiding the first two gates, but colliding into the next ones.
Jinora:  Don't force your way through!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut back to a shot of Korra inside the spinning panels as she is hit by every plank.
Ikki:  Dance! Dance like the wind!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Korra, grunting as she is knocked back by another panel.
Meelo:  Be the leaf!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a side shot of Korra, grinding her teeth together as she runs up. After getting slammed in the face by a panel so hard, she spins around her own axis a few times before falling knocked out on the ground before Tenzin. Switch to a frontal shot of Tenzin as he takes a deep breath and shakes his head. The screen fades into an image of Air Temple Island at night. Switch to a close side shot of Korra on the courtyard.
Korra: Airbend!  What is wrong with me? Airbend!
</scene>

<scene>
Korra repeats the same action with her arms to no avail. Close-up of Naga as she softly growls. Cut to a frontal shot of a wide-eyed Korra, who is still standing in the same position, but now shaking in frustration and quickly losing her patience. Sighing deeply, Korra thrusts her fist forward at the paper, burning it and the wire it was suspended on to ash. Camera moves back to a broader shot.
Korra:  Aargh!  Maybe I'm just not cut out to be an airbender, huh, Naga?
</scene>

<scene>
Switch to a closer shot of Korra as her curiosity is suddenly peeked upon hearing a radio broadcast. She quickly locates the source of the sound; the camera pans to the right to follow her gaze and show the it hails from a side building of the temple.
Shiro Shinobi:  Ladies and gentlemen! I'm coming to you live from Republic City's Pro-bending Arena, where tonight the best in the world continue their quest  for a spot in the upcoming championship tournament.  Grab your snacks and grab your kids because this next match is gonna be a doozy!
</scene>

<scene>
Camera pans up, showing Korra balancing on the roof. She squats down at the end and settling in eagerly; switch to a back shot as she looks out over Yue Bay toward the lit arena.
Shiro Shinobi: This Mako's got moxy! He advances, fires two quick shots.  Yomo is hammered back to zone three!  Clock is winding down, can Yomo hold on?  He's teetering on the edge of the ring now.  The Fire Ferrets line up to strik-
</scene>

<scene>
Suddenly, the light on the radio goes out and it is turned off just on the climax. Cut to Korra as her expression changes from one of utter excitement to horrific disappointment, her irises shrink and her eye twitches. Switch to a back shot of Tenzin. The three White Lotus sentries, huddled around the radio, jump up and turn around in surprise to face the airbending master. Frontal shot of Tenzin as he tosses the radio plug he unplugged on the ground.
Tenzin:  Korra, come down here please.
Korra peeks down from on the roof. The three White Lotus members turn and quickly jump back in surprise to find the Avatar on the roof. Korra descends and lands between the White Lotus sentries, who still eye her in surprise.
Korra:  You shut it off at the best part!
Tenzin:  I thought I made myself clear. I don't want you listening to this distracting nonsense.
Korra:  But it's their radio. And technically, you said I couldn't watch a match.  You didn't say anything about listening to one.
Tenzin:  You-  ... you know what I meant!  Anyway shouldn't y-? Shouldn't you be in bed by now?
</scene>

<scene>
Tenzin turns in annoyance, leaving a trail of wind to ruffle an unimpressed Korra's clothing and hair. Scene changes to the base rock of Air Temple Island as a sky bison flies past it. Screen pans up to show a small meditating area, as the flying bison flies above it and goes away. Cut to a frontal shot of Tenzin sitting in front of Jinora, Ikki, Meelo, and Korra, all perched in lotus while meditating. Korra scratches her behind. Cut to a close-up of Korra's face as she sniffs twice, and eventually opens her eyes. Switch to a side shot of the three children and Korra, as the latter leans forward to look to them: they are all sitting tranquilly. Upon seeing this, Korra sits up straight again, taking on the meditating posture again. The floorboard squeaks with every movement she makes. Switch to broader side shot.
Korra:  I think I'm doing it wrong.
Tenzin:  There's nothing to do. Let your mind and your spirit be free,  for air is the element of freedom.  Is something ... funny?
Korra:  Yeah, you're telling me to embrace freedom, but you won't even let me listen to the radio. And forget about leaving this island!
Tenzin:  Please, Korra.  Look at Meelo; he's able to meditate peacefully.
Korra turns to look at Meelo. Switch to a frontal shot of Meelo, who has a greenish bubble suspended on his nose that increases and decreases with his every breath. He is both drooling and snoring.
Korra: Actually, I think he's asleep.
Tenzin:  What? Well, at least he has the relaxing part down.
Korra:  Whatever. None of this airbending stuff makes any sense to me.
Tenzin:  I know you're frustrated, but these teachings will sink in over time. Then one day, they'll just click. 
Korra:  Yeah, it's not sinking in yet.  I'm gonna go get a glass of lychee juice.
Tenzin:  Korra, the meditation's not over yet!
Ikki:  Daddy, can I have some lychee juice too?
Tenzin:  No.
</scene>

<scene>
Ikki's smile immediately turns to a frown, as Jinora peeks through an eye. Meelo, still asleep, sways forward before falling backward with a groan, where he continues his nap. Scene fades to the air temple's courtyard at night, where several White Lotus sentries stand watch before Korra's room. Cut to the window from inside her room, as it is opened to a crack to show a White Lotus member standing below. Switch to a frontal shot of Korra peeking from the window. Cut to the guard below, walking off to his right. The moment he turns, Korra jumps out of the window and lands softly in the middle of the courtyard. Switch to a frontal shot of her as she is running away, and an aerial shot the moment she reaches the end of the rock the island is built on and jumps off it without hesitation. Cut to a point of view looking up as she softens the impact of her fall by raising the water with her waterbending. Switch to below the water where Korra elegantly cleaves through the water; the screen pans up to show that she is heading toward the brightly lit Pro-bending Arena, on which the camera starts to zoom. Scene fades to black and opens again with a shot of Air Temple Island from afar. Camera pans to the right, showing the path that leads to the arena, before cutting to Korra raising her head from the waters at the side of the building. Camera pans up to reveal an open window several meters above her. Switch back to Korra who smiles and uses a water spout to elevate her toward the window; side shot as she throws herself through. As she slide-lands against the wall, she jumps up in the same movement, spinning rapidly around and dries the water off her with her bending. She walks away and turns into a hallway. As she passes a large room, her curiosity is peeked. The camera rapidly moves back from a frontal shot of Korra toward the back of the room, revealing that it is a pro-bending gym. Among the equipment are punching bags, dumbbell weights, nets, pommel horses, and earth disks. Cut back briefly toward Korra's grinning, excited face as she goes inside without hesitation, before changing back to the wider shot, showing how she walks up to the middle of the room and looks around at everything.
Toza:  Hey,  what're you doin' in my gym?
</scene>

<scene>
Camera changes to a side shot of the two. As Korra and Toza converse in the foreground, a man in his uniform and pads walks past the doorway to the gym in the hall.
Korra:  Uh, I was just looking for a bathroom and I got lost.
Toza:  Ah, the old "I had to pee" excuse!  You know, I'm sick and tired of you kids sneakin' in without payin'!  I'm taking you to security!
Korra: No, wait!
Bolin:  There you are! I've been looking everywhere for you!  It's all right Toza,  she's with me.
Korra:  Yeah, I'm with him.
Bolin: So, you see, we're together.
Korra:  Well, not together together, more like friends.
Bolin: Right, friends.  No, no, I didn't mean to imply. 
Korra:  Oh, you implied it.
Toza:  Ah, I don't care what you are! I got work to do.
Switch to a broader shot as he walks away while wiping his forehead with the towel that hung around his neck. He throws it to the ground and loosens his left arm.
Bolin: Rrright this way, miss.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Toza as he lifts a barbell with earthbending, and throws it to the side. He does the same with another barbell.
Korra: And thank you, sir!  Seriously, thanks.
</scene>

<scene>
They both walk away, smiling broadly, while Toza keeps repeating his exercise. The scene changes to a door being opened, with Korra and Bolin coming in. Korra glances around while Bolin smiles confidently.
Bolin: Whaddya think? Best seats in the house, huh?
Korra directs her gaze in the same direction as Bolin, her mouth falling open; screen zooms out to a shot of the entire Pro-bending Arena from inside. All the spots are directed at the playing field, and the stadium is packed with people.
Korra:  Whoa! Unbelievable!  This place is even more amazing than I imagined!
Bolin: Name's Bolin, by the way.
Korra:  Korra.
Mako:  Psst,  Bolin.
Switch to a shot from Mako's point of view as Bolin turns around, and walks toward Mako.
Bolin: Yeah?
Mako:  I told you, you have to stop bringing your crazy fangirls in here before the matches. Get her out of here.
Bolin:  Come on, Mako! Right, look, I kinda promised her she could stay,  but man, I got a good feeling, there's somethin' special about her. I know it!  Come here, I want you to meet my brother, Mako.
Korra:  Mako? Wow, I-I heard you playing on the radio.
Mako:  Come on, Bolin, we're up.
Korra:  ... or I could meet him later.
Bolin:  Yeah, sorry about that. My brother just gets real ... focused before a match.  Okay, I gotta go, wish me luck.  Not ... that I'll need it.
Switch to a wide back shot of the entire locker room looking out to the arena as Bolin runs up to his team mates.
Korra:  Good luck.  Knock 'em out!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to an aerial shot of the ring as all the lights go off. A spot directly over the ring is switched on. Switch to a ground view from the arena, where the announcer emerges under loud cheers from the center of the ring, one hand raised. He is holding a microphone.
Ring announcer: Introooooducing  the Fire Ferrets!
</scene>

<scene>
The platform the team is standing on slowly moves toward the arena. Bolin and Hasook are waving to the fans, while Mako solemnly stands in the middle. Cut to a closer shot of the three players; Mako and Bolin are smiling and they are all waving. Bolin puts his hand to his ear when a fan of him screams.
Fangirl:  Aaaaaah! I love you, Bolin! Aaaaaah!
Shiro Shinobi:  The rookie Ferrets came from out of nowhere  and have made it further than anyone expected this season.  But tonight, they face their toughest test yet, folks.
</scene>

<scene>
Switch to a rapidly panning up shot from the side of the ring, showing the players as they all take on a fighting stance. Cut to a bell being struck. Cut to an aerial shot of the arena as the teams immediately start bending.
Shiro Shinobi:  And they're off! The two teams waste no time trying to blast each other out of zone one!
</scene>

<scene>
Closer shot as Bolin ducks under a fire blast and Mako fires one himself. Bolin raises an earth disc with his hand and kicks it to his opponent. Close-up of the focused firebender opponent, who destroys the disc with a quick fire arc from his hand. He retaliates with two blasts. Cut to a shot from inside one of the metal grates looking up; Hasook dives on the ground to avoid a fire blast. As he gets on his feet again, he pulls up water from the grate. Switch to a frontal shot of him as he uses the water to block a fire blast, but slides back a bit due to the power of the blast.
Shiro Shinobi:  Hasook is the first to feel the heat of the Tigerdillos! He tries to return the favor, but they're too fast for him, while Mako shows off his trademark "cool under fire" style!
</scene>

<scene>
Hasook pulls up more water and blasts it at the other team. Switch to his point of view. The earthbending player nimbly cartwheels to his right out of the way of the water blast, the camera following his motion. As he stands on his feet again, the camera switches to an overview position as he raises an earth disc with his hand and kicks it over to Mako. Switch to Mako who calmly moves out of the way of both the disc and a fire blast. He retaliates with two fire blasts, before ducking under a water bullet and avoiding another earth disc. Slow motion close-up of his focused face. The camera quickly moves back again as the speed returns to normal and Mako shoots a fire blast at the earthbender opponent. The firebender and waterbender opponent move to the front and attack. Switch to a side shot of the Fire Ferrets as Hasook and Bolin are hit with a water and fire blast respectively, and knocked backward into zone two.
Shiro Shinobi:  Oooh, the Tigerdillos score with a walloping one-two combo!
Frontal shot of the Fire Ferrets, as Bolin and Hasook quickly scramble on their feet. Mako directs his attention again to his opponents. Switch to Korra who is clutching her head in despair; switch back to a side shot of the fight. Mako jumps up and spins around his axis in the air, successfully avoiding an earth disc and fire blast. As he lands after flipping out of the way of another fire blast, he is hit square in the chest by an earth disc. Close-up of the metal grate, as the impact of the disc pushes Mako's foot over it; the grate immediately lights up red and a horn blows.
Shiro Shinobi: Can their teammate hold on to their zone one territory? Guess not!  Mako's over the line!  The Tigerdillos get the green light and advance into Ferret territory!
Korra:  Come on, Ferrets!
Back view of the Tigerdillo waterbending player as he directs a blast at Mako. The water is blocked by Bolin's earth disc; Mako jumps up and retaliates with a fire kick at the waterbender. Switch point of view to that of the Fire Ferrets, as the player jumps over the fire blast and kicks an earth disc out of the way. Side-view of the Ferrets as the earth disc hits Hasook and knocks him back to zone three.
Shiro Shinobi: Looks like Hasook's in trouble! He's in zone three teetering over the drink!  And Hasook takes a dip! He'll be back for round two!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Mako and Bolin who dodge an earth and water attack. Side shot as Bolin raises an earth disc to protect himself against a water blast, but is pushed back to zone three. Mako lands in the third zone as well the moment a bell rings.
Shiro Shinobi: Assuming the fabulous bending brothers can hold their ground until the next round.
Announcer:  Round one goes to the  Golden Temple Tigerdillos!
Mako:  Come on, Hasook! Get your act together!
</scene>

<scene>
Shot of a bell being struck. Switch back to Tigerdillos standing on a row, each player having their element at the ready to attack. Cut to an aerial shot as the Fire Ferrets are pushed back in the second zone; the line separating zone one and two turns red.
Shiro Shinobi:  The Fire Ferrets are knocked into zone two and the Tigerdillos advance!
</scene>

<scene>
The Tigerdillo earthbender direct a disc at Hasook who blocks it with his waterbending. Both Mako and Bolin attack the other team. The speed slows down as Bolin knocks the earth disc at the other team. Switch to a frontal view of the Tigerdillo waterbender as he attacks. As soon as his water blast has left his hand, he is hit square in the chest by Bolin's earth disc. Switch to Mako as he punches two fire blasts. Camera quickly moves to the right and the speed slows again to show Hasook send two water arcs at the Tigerdillos. Cut to the Tigerdillo earthbending being knocked to the ground. Switch to Bolin raising and firing an earth disc. Cut to a back view of the Tigerdillos as their earthbending player is knocked back a zone. Switch to a side-view as the firebending and waterbending member are hit back by a fire and water blast, respectively. A bell signals the end of round two. Cut to a frontal shot of a panting Mako who quickly dons a serious look again and celebrating Bolin and Hasook.
Shiro Shinobi:  The Fire Ferrets cinch the round in the closing seconds! It's one apiece,  still anyone's match as we go into the third and final round!
</scene>

<scene>
A bell is struck and both team jump back. Cut to a back view of Hasook as the Tigerdillo waterbender raises some water and aims at Hasook. He tumbles out of the way and quickly runs on to avoid another water blast. Cut to a frontal shot of the Fire Ferrets as Hasook arms himself with some water and the Tigerdillo earthbender raises a disc. Mako destroys the disc with a fire punch and Hasook shoot his water bullet. As Bolin launches an earth disc, Hasook is hit by a water blast and crashes into Bolin.
Shiro Shinobi:  Hasook stumbles, and now he tumbles right into his teammate!  He and Bolin better untangle quick if they don't want to ...  oh, too late!
Side shot of right above the water as Hasook and Bolin fall in; a buzzer sounds.
Korra:  Oh, no!
Shiro Shinobi:  It's all up to Mako now!  He's bobbing and weaving! He's weaving and bobbing!  But he's not hitting back!  If Mako's knocked out, the Ferrets' fabulous season is over!  He is dancing on the edge of the ring, surviving the three on one barrage! It seems his plan is to let the Tigerdillos punch themselves out!  And his plan is working! Han is in the pool!  They've got nothing left in the tank and Mako is on the offensive!  It's two on one!  Scratch that, it's one on one, and it's an earth and fire slllugfest! There's so much smoke and dust from the firefight, I can't even see where the Fire Ferret is!
</scene>

<scene>
Side shot as Mako and the earthbender keep attacking each other; Mako's fire blast destroy the earth discs in full flight, covering the field in dust. He shoots a powerful fire arc in the dust cloud. An overview shot as the Tigerdillo is knocked back into his zone three. Frontal shot as the earthbender raises a disc in front of him with a concentrated look; his eyes open wide. Change to his point of view. Mako emerges from the smoke, a fire ball ready in his right fist. He uses the momentum of his descent to increase the power of his blast and knocks the Tigerdillo of the playing field. The camera follows the earthbender as he plunges down into the moat. Cut to an overview shot of the entire arena, as a bell is struck multiple times.
Shiro Shinobi:  It's a knockout! What a wing-dinger of a hat trick, folks!  Mako pulls off the upset of the season, winning the match for the Fire Ferrets!
</scene>

<scene>
The camera turns around Mako as he takes off his helmet while the crowd goes wild. Frontal shot of Korra, looking at the playing field in awe. The camera slowly zooms in on her and she smiles broadly. Switch to a broader back view of her as Bolin jumps back in the locker room.
Bolin: Woohoo! Yes!  One more win and we're in the championship tournament!  So, what'd ya think, Korra? Bolin's got some moves, huh?
Korra:  What did I think? What did I think? That was am​azing!
</scene>

<scene>
Korra playfully pushes Bolin backward. The camera pans to the left as he stumbles off screen. Mako and Hasook walk up toward the locker room.
Mako:  You did more harm than good out there. You almost cost us the match!
Hasook:  We won, didn't we?
Mako: Barely!
Hasook:  Get off my case, pal!  Ugh! 
Mako:  Useless.
Korra:  You guys were incredible out there!  Especially you, Mr. Hat Trick!
Korra's excited expression turns slightly sad at Mako's distant attitude.
Mako:  Oh, you're still here?
Korra:  Oh, you're still a jerk?
Bolin: Ooh! 
Korra:  Anyway,  I've been immersed in bending my entire life, but I never learned how to move like that! It's like there's a whole new style here!  Think you could show me a few tricks?
Bolin: Ab-so-lutely!
Mako:  Right now? Come on, Bolin.
Bolin:  Just ignore him.  Yeah, I could show you the basics.  I'm just not sure how my earthbending would translate to your waterbending,  but we'll figure it out.
Korra:  Won't be a problem.  I'm actually an earthbender.
Bolin:  I'm sorry, no, no! I didn't mean to assume. 'Cause I, you know, I was just figuring ... with your Water Tribe getup ... that you are ... a Water Tribe ... gal.
Korra:  Nope, you're right. I'm a waterbender. And a firebender.
Bolin:  Mm. Mm-hmm. I'm very confused right now.
Mako:  You're the Avatar,  and I'm an idiot.
Korra:  Both are true.
Bolin:  No ... way.  Th​e Avatar!
</scene>

<scene>
Scene changes to a slowly zooming in shot of the entire arena from outside.
Bolin:  All right! Let's see what'cha got!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a shot of Bolin, now in casual clothing, and Korra in the gym with two piles of earth coins between them. The camera pans to the right revealing a net hanging on the other side of the gym as Korra decisively turns and raises her arm, an earth coin following the movement. She knocks the coin away with her other hand, and quickly repeats the movement, knocking two of the earth coins at a net. The camera swiftly follows the objects as they slam in the net, before cutting back to Bolin. Korra is still standing in her solid earthbending stance.
Bolin: That was great! Good power! But in a real match, you'd be a sitting turtle duck.  Not so upright and flatfooted!  Stay light on your toes, right up until the moment when you need to dig in and strike. Then ...  pop, pop!
</scene>

<scene>
The camera stays with the two earth coins as they fly toward the net and nearly hit the exact same spot. Cut back to a side shot of Korra and Bolin; she stares at the net with open mouth, while he turns to her with a broad smile and gestures at the net, inviting her to give it another shot.
Korra:  Okay, let me try it again.
</scene>

<scene>
Korra looks decisive. Cut to a shot of her feet as she jumps from side to side, before throwing two coins at the net, mimicking Bolin's fast strikes.
Bolin:  Wow! Nice adjustment!  You're a natural at this.
Mako:  Not bad.
Korra:  What's it take to impress this guy?
Mako:  What? I said "not bad".  You know what, it's getting late.  I think I'm gonna turn in. You kids have fun.  Nice to meet you, Avatar Korra.
Korra:  Yeah, been a real pleasure.
Mako:  See ya upstairs, bro.
Korra: Upstairs?  You guys live here?
Bolin:  Yup. In the attic. It's nothin' fancy, but we have some great views!  So, back to bending. Why don't you throw that combo one more time?
</scene>

<scene>
Korra immediately hops up and down a bit before successfully throwing two coins away. Switch to a shot of the net as the two coins hit it, and cut back to a frontal shot of Korra, who smiles broadly at her success. The scene changes as an airbending panel turns, and Korra is now back at Air Temple Island in her airbending clothes, with Tenzin and his children behind her. Korra looks a bit flustered. She takes a deep breath and sports an annoyed, determined look. Camera moves back to within the spinning gates as Korra sprints toward them. She manages to run inside the circle of gates, but is immediately hit by a spinning panel and knocked around again, while grunting in pain.
Tenzin:  Patience, Korra!
</scene>

<scene>
Korra is thrown against more gates. As she is knocked to her knees, she loses her temper and bursts into a violent firebending tantrum, burning and breaking most of the gates. The camera moves away, as some of the gates are knocked out of their sockets and break in two or are burned down. Switch to a frontal shot of Jinora, Ikki, and Meelo; the camera pans to the left, revealing Tenzin as well, all gaping wide-eyed at Korra's outburst. Cut to a close-up of a panting Korra amidst the still burning and smoking debris of the ancient airbending tool.
Tenzin:  That was a two-thousand-year-old historical treasure!  What ...  What is wrong with you?!
Korra:  There's nothing wrong with m​e! I've been practicing just like you taught me, but it isn't sinking in, okay?  It hasn't clicked like you said it would!
Tenzin:  Korra, this isn't something you can force. If you would only listen to me ...
Korra:  I have been! But you know what I think? Maybe the problem isn't me! Maybe the reason I haven't learned airbending yet is because  you're a terrible teacher!
Switch to a frontal shot of Tenzin and his family as Korra storms off angrily. Tenzin, Jinora, and Ikki watch as she goes; Tenzin grunts in annoyance.
Meelo:  Yeah! You're a terrible teacher, Daddy!
</scene>

<scene>
Tenzin, Jinora, and Ikki all calmly eye Meelo as he runs forward, kicking and throwing some of the burnt up wreckage, imitating Korra's tantrum, while growling and screaming. Dejected, Tenzin bows his head while Jinora and Ikki both hug him to comfort him. Scene switches to a far off shot of Air Temple Island at sunset; flying bison are soaring around the temple's tower. Cut to Tenzin and his children gathered in the dining room for dinner. Meelo and Ikki look rather bored, while Jinora is reading a book, and Tenzin has his arms crossed while sporting an annoyed expression; Pema enters carrying a tray of small dishes.
Pema:  Okay! Everyone here?  Wait. Where's Korra?
Tenzin:  Honestly, Pema, I am at my wit's end with that girl! I ... I don't know how to get through to her!
Tenzin's expression changes to a dejected one as he closes his eyes and slants his head. Frontal shot as Pema kneels beside Tenzin and places a hand on his shoulder. He opens his eyes at her touch and glances at her.
Pema:  Dear, the best thing you can do right now is to give Korra some space.
Tenzin:  You must promise me that your teenage years won't be like this!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a frontal shot of Jinora and Ikki. Ikki looks uninterested and Jinora looks bored as she lowers her books slightly and glances over it.
Jinora:  I will make no such promises.
</scene>

<scene>
Jinora raises her book again, and resumes reading. Cut to inside the Pro-bending Arena as the camera pans down to reveal the lit playing field; three people are standing in the middle. Cut to the locker room where three people are talking in the back. Bolin is sitting on the bench, while Mako is leaning against the wall, both looking defeated. The door opens and Korra walks in.
Korra:  I didn't miss your match, did I? You guys look like you lost already.
Bolin:  We might as well have.
Mako:  Hasook's a no-good no-show!
Referee:  You got two minutes to come out ready to play, or you're disqualified. 
Mako:  Well, there goes our shot at the tournament ... and the winnings.
Korra:  Can't you ask one of those guys to fill in?
Bolin: Nah. The rules say you can only compete on one team.
Korra: Well, then ...  how about me? I'm a top-notch waterbender,  if I do say so myself.
Bolin: But, you're the Avatar.  Isn't that cheating?
Korra:  It isn't cheating if I only do waterbending.
Mako: No way. I'd rather forfeit than look like a fool out there.
Korra:  Wow, thanks for the vote of confidence.
Referee:  Time's up. You in or out?
Korra:  We're in!
Mako:  We are?
Bolin:  Yes!
Mako:  Hey, I didn't agree to this!
Korra: You can thank me later. 
Mako:  This girl is crazy.
</scene>

<scene>
Scene cuts to a side shot of the arena as the Fire Ferrets take their places at the center line.
Shiro Shinobi:  Looks like the Fire Ferrets have ferreted out a last minute replacement waterbender.  Let's see if she's another diamond in the rough like the brothers from the school of hard knocks!
Mako:  Don't do anything too fancy or aggressive.  In fact, don't do anything. Just try not to get knocked off the ring.
Korra: You got it, captain.
Korra's helmet slips awkwardly, but she soon adjusts it.
Referee:  Players! Are you ready?
</scene>

<scene>
The camera quickly zooms out as the referee holds up his hand and blows his whistle. Close-up of Korra while a bell is rung, signaling the start of the match. Korra smiles confidently and immediately conjures a powerful water blast with her foot which she uses to knock the opposing waterbending player over the side of the ring, who screams before landing in the pool. Close-up of the remaining firebender and earthbender player as they stare wide-eyed at the spot their teammate was just knocked over the ropes. Cut to Mako who grits his teeth and facepalms, before switching to a broader shot of an excited Korra running around, waving her hands in the air to celebrate her move.
Korra:  Woohoo! Man overboard!
Referee:  Fire Ferret waterbender, penalty! Move back one zone!
Korra:  What? Why?
Mako:  You're only allowed to knock players off the back of the ring! Not over the sides!
Korra:  Oh. Whoops.
Aerial shot of the playing field as Korra moves back one zone, and the waterbender that was knocked over the side, rejoins his team mates.
Shiro Shinobi:  And we're back in action after that hiccup, but I'm not so sure this replacement player knows what she's doing.
Back shot of Korra as the bell signaling the game rings again, and the teams immediately start to attack each other. Switch to a side shot of Korra as she pulls up some water and fires it away. However, she is immediately hit in the stomach by an earth coins and knocked back. Frontal shot as Korra comes to a halt and immediately jumps up to retaliate with a water blast shot via her feet. Close-up of a metal grate as Korra lands again, straddling the line.
Referee:  Foul! Over the line! Move back to zone three!
Korra:  Urgh!  I'll show you over the line!
As Korra moves toward her zone, Mako and Bolin stand together. Close-up of the two brothers, as Mako grinds his teeth and sports an irritated look in Korra's direction. When a bell rings signaling the end of round one, Mako closes his eyes and lowers his head in annoyance, while Bolin twiddles his fingers in embarrassment.
Shiro Shinobi:  The Platypus Bears take round one!  The Platypus Bears know a green player when they see one, and they are focusing the brunt of their bending on this poor girl!
Frontal shot of Korra as she gets assaulted by all the elements of the other team. She used her waterbending to deflect the water blast of the Platypus Bears before conjuring up a shield to block a fire and earth attack; she is slight knocked back by the force of it. She quickly blocks another water blast with one of her own, but is kept on the defensive all the time. Frontal shot of Korra as she takes on a defensive stance; switch to a back shot as the opposing fire and earthbender ready their attacks. Frontal shot of Korra. She clenches her teeth and grunts with effort as she angrily raises two coins beneath her to protect herself against a triple water, fire, and earth combo. Move back to a broad shot of the playing field as the smoke of the explosion clears around Korra.
Shiro Shinobi:  Wait a minute! Did that waterbender just earthbend?
Shot of the crowd, panning to the left, as they gasps in shock. Frontal shot of the Platypus Bears who gaze at Korra in wonder. A whistle is blown.
Referee:  Foul! I ... think.
Korra laughs awkwardly. She stops for a moment when her helmet slips over her eyes again, before resuming smiling broadly. Shot of Mako as he lowers his head and closes his eyes while sighing and shaking his head.
Shiro Shinobi:  Did I see that right?  Hold on, folks, we're just waiting for the referee's official call, but ...  I-I think this replacement player could be ... no, there's no way!
Tenzin:  Pardon me, everyone, have you seen Korra this evening? She's not in her room.
Shiro Shinobi:  You've gotta be kidding me!  She's the Avatar, folks!  Playing in a pro-bending match!  Can you believe that?
Tenzin:  I'll get her myself!
</scene>

<scene>
As Tenzin turns, a gust of wind swirls some leaves around. Cut to a frontal shot of the referee in the pro-bending stadium.
Referee:  The Avatar will be permitted to continue so long as she solely bends water!
Platypus Bears:  Awww!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a broad shot of the playing field, the Fire Ferrets standing closest. A bell signals to resume the match. Close-up of the Platypus Bear earthbender as he stomps the ground and raises an earth coin. Camera moves back as he punches it away. The other Platypus Bears also direct their attacks in the same direction as the coin.
Shiro Shinobi:  This girl may be the Avatar, but she's no pro-bender and the Platypus Bears are intent on exploiting that weakness!
Side shot of Korra as she deflects the coins with a water whip, as well as the fire blast and water bullet. She nimbly back flips under another coin and water attack, before crossing her arms before her face to protect herself from a fire blast.
Shiro Shinobi:  They're giving her their best, and her best ain't good enough to stop it!
Swift back shot of Korra as the Platypus Bears launch another wave of attacks, before switching to another side shot as Korra is hit in the side by a fire blast, knocked out of balance by an earth coin in the stomach, and thrown back by a water blast against the head. Shot from right over the floor of the playing field as Korra bounces past, and falls over the rim. Frontal shot of Korra as she tumbles in the water.
Shiro Shinobi:  Aaaaand she's in the drink.
</scene>

<scene>
Side shot of Korra who swims underwater toward the platform. Frontal shot as she emerges from the water. While taking a breather, she looks up when a shadow falls over her. Back shot of Korra; camera slowly pans up to reveal Tenzin standing there with an angry expression.
Korra:  Oh, hey, Tenzin. I thought you didn't like coming to these matches.
Korra chuckles nervously. Switch to a side shot as she climbs out of the water, and stands before Tenzin.
Tenzin: Once again, you have flagrantly disobeyed my orders. You were to stay on the island! Let's go.
Tenzin turns and starts to walk away, but is halted by Korra's shoutout.
Korra:  No! I'm kind of in the middle of something.
Tenzin:  I have tried my very best to get through to you by being gentle and patient,  but clearly the only thing you respond to is force! So I am ordering you to come back to the temple right now!
Tenzin points down to emphasize his words. Switch to a shot from his point of view of Korra.
Korra:  Why? So I can sit around and meditate about how bad I am at airbending?  You know, I'm beginning to think there's a reason I haven't been able to learn it! Because, maybe, I don't even need it!
Tenzin: What? That is a ludicrous suggestion!  The Avatar needs to learn airbending! It is not optional!
Korra:  No! This is what I need to learn! Modern styles of fighting!
Tenzin:  Being the Avatar isn't all about fighting, Korra!  When will you learn that?
Korra:  I have a match to go finish.
Switch to a broad side shot of the two as Korra walks away from Tenzin to the nearby elevator.
Ring announcer:  The Platypus Bears win round two!  Round three!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to on overview of the arena as the six benders stand at their starting positions. The moment a bell rings, the Platypus Bears immediately start their offense.
Shiro Shinobi:  The Platypus Bears come out of the gate and quickly go after the Ferret brothers! They're corralled in the corner, wedged in the edge of zone one, unable to come to the Avatar's rescue! And boy, does she need it!
</scene>

<scene>
Frontal shot of the waterbender of the opposing team as he raises water from the grate in front of him and bends it away; he advances and repeats the attack. Switch to a frontal shot of Bolin who has crosses his arms in front of his chest to defend himself against the first water attack. He retaliates by throwing an earth coin, but is forced to raise another coin in front of him to defend himself against the incoming second water blast. Meanwhile, the firebender attacks Mako, who attempts to retaliate as unsuccessfully as his brother. Back shot of the two brothers as the two opposing benders drive them into the corner of zone one, against the railing. Frontal shot as Mako and Bolin are being showered by water streams, which forces them to remain in the corner. Switch to a frontal shot of the Platypus Bears earthbender and firebender as the launch their attacks. Cut to a back shot of the Platypus Bears, slowly panning to the right. The waterbender directs one water blast after the other at Mako and Bolin, locking them in the corner, while Korra is constantly put on the defensive by fire and earth attacks. Switch to an aerial shot of the crowd where Tenzin heads down an exit. As the crowd cheers, he turns around. Cut to a frontal shot of a concentrated Korra, dodging an earth coin, but being frontally hit by a water blast. Cut briefly back to a close-up of Tenzin, before returning to Korra who was pushed into the second zone by the water blast, where she catches an earth coins and throws it away. Switch back to Tenzin, who sighs while covering his eyes with his hand, the moment the buzzer sounds, signaling Korra has been pushed back into zone three.
Shiro Shinobi:  Looks like the Avatar's pro-bending debut is going to be cut short! She's been pushed back to zone three, and the water is calling her name!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a shot of Korra's feet as she nearly falls over the edge of the arena. The scene broadens to a full side shot, depicting Korra teetering over the rim. She dodges an earth coin and regains her balance. Close-up of Korra's face as her look of anger changes to one of focused determination.
Shiro Shinobi:  It's only a matter of time before ...
Overview shot of Korra as she takes on an airbender stance and begins to dodge the three opposing players' attacks in the method she was taught to pass the fan obstacles in her airbending training, changing direction at a moment's notice.
Shiro Shinobi:  Hold the phone! Stop the presses! She's still in the game, folks! And she's moving like an entirely different player! All of a sudden, the Platypus Bears' strikes are only striking air!
</scene>

<scene>
Frontal shot of the opposing firebender as he looks annoyed by this sudden change; he and his team mates attack again. Switch back to a close-up of a concentrated Korra who nimbly dodges their attack. Close-up of Korra's feet, moving like an airbender would. Cut to a broader frontal shot of her, as she evades more attacks. Cut to Tenzin who has turned around; camera zooms in toward a close-up of his surprised face.
Tenzin:  How about that?
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a frontal shot of the Platypus Bear team. They all look tired, and their attacks lack their previous power. Switch to an aerial shot as a water blast is traveling toward Mako and Bolin who ready themselves to get hit. However, before the blast makes contact, the water loses momentum and falls to the ground.
Shiro Shinobi:  The Platypus Bears have no juice left, but Mako and Bolin are still fresh and juicy!
</scene>

<scene>
Side shot of Mako and Bolin who waste no time to counter. Mako promptly begins attacking them, directing quick fire blasts at the opposing earthbender, soon aided by his brother's earthbending. Side shot of the Platypus Bears as the earthbender is pushed back by a coin, and the waterbender is knocked off his feet by a water and fire combo. Side shot of Korra who spins rapidly around her axis, building up momentum to charge her water bullet. Overview shot of the playing field as the Platypus Bears are put on the defensive and are being hammered by the strong attacks of the Fire Ferrets. Frontal shot of Mako as he directs three blasts at the other team; switch to a frontal shot of the waterbender who is hit by every one of them and is knocked back several zones, into the water. Cut to the earthbender who takes a hit from an earth coin. Stumbling back, several water and fire attacks push him backward, all the way into the water. Side shot of the last remaining player as he is hit by two water blasts. Cut to a shot of the edge of the playing field; the player tumbles over it. Switch to a side shot from the moat, as two Platypus Bears are already swimming, and the third falls in. A bell is rung several times.
Shiro Shinobi:  Knockout!
Tenzin: Woohoo!
With an uncharacteristically excited look, Tenzin points both index fingers at the arena and pumps his fists, jumping for joy. As he looks around, he notices that the nearby spectators are all eying him. He quickly recovers his dignity, straightening his outfit and walking away with a solemn expression.
Shiro Shinobi:  The Fire Ferrets come from waaay behind and steal the win!  What an upset, folks! The rookies, Avatar in tow,  have nabbed a place in the championship tournament! I can not believe it!
Korra looks around joyfully. Switch to a frontal shot of a smiling Bolin as he poses and pretentiously puts his hand behind his ears to listen to the applause. Korra approaches him and they high-five each other.
Korra and Bolin: Hahaha, yeah! Yes!
Korra and Bolin smile broadly at Mako who approaches. Frontal shot of his serious face.
Mako:  Korra ... what can I say? You really came alive in that last round. The way you dodged their attacks ... you are a natural.
Side shot of the trio. Bolin has turned to wave at the crowd continues posing to better hear the applause.
Korra: Thanks, but I can't take all the credit.  Someone else taught me those moves.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a shot of the temple tower on Air Temple Island later that night, with the moon perched high in the sky behind it. The camera pans down to the right, where people are repairing the airbending gates. Closer aerial shot to show Korra approaching Tenzin, who is supervising the Air Acolytes as they place new gates in place of the ones that Korra destroyed. Frontal shot of Tenzin as Korra stops a bit behind him.
Korra:  I'm really sorry ... about everything I said.  I was really frustrated with myself,  and I took it out on you.
Tenzin:  I think I owe you an apology too. I was trying to teach you about patience, but I lost mine.
Korra:  No hard feelings?
Tenzin:  Of course not. By the way, you were really good out there tonight.  You moved just like an airbender!
Korra:  Wait ...  You stayed and watched?
Tenzin:  I did. Pro-bending turned out to be the perfect teaching tool for you.
Switch between a frontal shot of each as they exchange smiles.
Korra:  I'll see you tomorrow for airbending practice, bright and early!  And, by the way, I kinda permanently joined the Fire Ferrets and we're playing in the tournament in a couple of weeks!
</scene>

<scene>
Frontal shot of Tenzin as his face takes on a look of unpleasant surprise. He sighs heavily while lowering his head. Cut to a shot with the camera slowly moving in on one of the towers of the Pro-bending Arena. Mako is sitting on the window ledge; cut to a closer shot, zooming in on him as he gazes across the bay. Switch to a back shot to show that he is staring at Air Temple Island. The shot slowly zooms in on the island, before switching to a slowly zooming in back shot of Korra at her window in Air Temple Island, looking at the arena. Cut to a frontal shot of her; she is resting her head on her hand. A pleased smile dons her face.
Fade to credits.
Main Bolin Korra Mako Tenzin Antagonists Golden Temple Tigerdillos Pinnacle Palace Platypus Bears: Minor Hasook Ikki Jinora Meelo Naga Oogi Referee Pema Ring announcer Shiro Shinobi Toza White Lotus sentries<scene>
Shiro Shinobi:  A chance encounter turns Korra from pro-bending spectator to pro-bending star. With her new teammates, Mako and Bolin, the Fire Ferrets earn a place in the championship tournament. But meanwhile, an anti-bending revolution brews in Republic City. Who are the Equalists? And what nefarious plan does the mysterious man behind the mask have in store for our hero?
</scene>

<scene>
The episode opens with a clear side shot of the golden Pro-bending Arena, slowly zooming in. Cut to inside the gym of the arena where a large ball flies through the air; frontal shot of Korra as she catches it.
Korra:  What's the big idea with making me train this early in the morning?  The morning is evil.
Bolin:  We're the rookies,  so we get the worst time slot in the gym.
Mako:  And you're the rookiest of us all. We gotta get you up to speed if we wanna survive in the tournament.  Deal with it.
Korra:  You deal with it!
</scene>

<scene>
She aggressively tosses the ball back to Mako. Switch to a side shot as the ball hits him hard in the stomach, flinging him backward in a flip, and causing him to land hard on his back, groaning. Frontal shot of a smug-looking Korra, who is crossing her arms. She glances over her shoulder and the scene pans to the right revealing someone has entered the gym.
Butakha: There are my little hard-working street urchins.  It's an honor to finally meet you, Avatar.
Korra:  And you are ...?
Butakha:  Butakha. I run this whole pro-bending shebang.  Here's your winnings from the last match.  Ah ah ah, not so fast.  First, you owe me for the Avatar's new gear,  gym and equipment rentals from last month,  rent on your apartment,  and a personal loan for groceries.
Mako stares sadly at his empty hand and turns to a dismayed expression. He turns to the screen irritatedly. He turns and glares accusingly at Bolin. Switch to broader shot of the two brothers. Pabu is perched on Bolin's shoulders.
Bolin:  What?  I'm a growing boy!
Butakha:  Oh, and one more small item of business: The Fire Ferrets need to ante up thirty thousand yuans for the championship pot.
Bolin:  Thirty thousand yuans?! 
Butakha:  Sorry, kids. You got 'til the end of the week to come up with the dough, or else, you're out of the tournament.
Bolin feebly reaches after Butakha as he walks away. Korra walks up to them as both brothers look at the ground with sad expressions. They glance to her as she stops.
Bolin:  You wouldn't happen to have a secret Avatar bank account overflowing with gold, would you?
Korra:  I got nothing.  I've never really needed money.  I've always had people taking care of me.
Mako:  Then I wouldn't say you have nothing.
Korra:  Sorry, I didn't mean —
Bolin:  No, it's all right. It's just  ever since we lost our parents, we've been on our own.
Korra:  I'm so sorry. I didn't know.
Mako:  So, anyway,  how are we gonna come up with the money?
Bolin:  Oh, oh, I got it!  I got it!  I've been training Pabu to do circus tricks. Now people would pay good money to see that!
Wider shot of the three teenagers. Bolin excitedly and hopefully looks at Mako, while both Mako and Korra look down at Bolin with a "you cannot be serious" expression.
Mako:  Come on, Bolin.  We need serious ideas.
Bolin:  I was serious.
Mako:  Don't worry about it. I'll figure something out. I always do.
</scene>

<scene>
Bolin stands up and both he and Korra eye Mako's exit with a wondering expression. Scene zooms in on Bolin, whose look changes to a determined one as he glances to the side. Cut to Central City Station. The scene pans down Fire Lord Zuko's statue to reveal someone sitting at its base while people are passing him by.
Bolin:  Come one, come all.  See Pabu the fantastic fire ferret as he crosses the Ladder of Peril,  upside down!  Psst, psst.  Big finish, buddy. Stick the landing.  Ta da!  Thank you, ladies and gentlemen! You are too kind! Seriously, too kind! You can come back here and put money right in this-  Okay, that's fine, that's fine.  One yuan down, 29,999 to go.
Broad side shot as the typical red car used by the Triple Treat Triad pulls up to Bolin. Bolin looks up. Switch to a closer shot of the driver as he rolls down the window.
Shady Shin: Hey, Bolin. Is that you?
Bolin:  Oh, hey there, Shady Shin.
Shady Shin:  Heard you're a big time pro-bending player now. Not bad.
Bolin:  Uh, thanks.
Shady Shin:  So listen. I got an offer for ya. Lightning Bolt Zolt is lookin' to hire some extra muscle.
Bolin:  Uh, I don't know, Shin. Mako told me to stay away from the Triple Threats.
Shady Shin:  Pfuh, your brother ain't the boss of you.  It's just a little security work. Nothin' crooked.
Shady Shin reaches in his pocket, takes out a wad of cash, and tosses it into Bolin's cup. A shot from inside the can looking up shows Bolin staring at the money with wide eyes and gasps in awe. He shakes his head and gasps even louder, while nearly sticking his head in the can.
Shady Shin:  You game?
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a frontal shot of someone generating lightning. Switch to a broader site shot to reveal that there are at least six firebenders standing next to each other and generating lightning to shoot at the coil in front of them. Frontal shot of a bender when a construction whistle goes off. The person takes off his mask and reveals himself to be Mako. He sighs and wipes his forehead. Cut to a shot of the side of the Pro-bending Arena in the evening. Switches to a shot of the arena's attic that serves as Mako and Bolin's home, as Mako comes up a stair and enters the room.
Mako: Bo, I'm back!  Picked up your favorite dumplings!  Hey, I found some work down at the power plant.  Made some decent money.  Bolin?  You here, bro?  Huh, I bet the little lovebird is making a house call.
</scene>

<scene>
Mako stands up and walks toward the stairs he just climbed up. Cut to Air Temple Island to a back-shot of Jinora and Ikki who direct a gust of wind at the airbending gates to make them spin for Korra who is waiting at the other side. Side shot of Korra, as she elegantly weaves her way through the spinning panels, twirling around and avoiding every contact.
Jinora:  Good. Light on your feet!
</scene>

<scene>
Korra spins out on the other side without being touched once by the gates. She lands before Jinora and Ikki and rests her hands on her knees to catch her breath. The two sisters smile at her before suddenly leaning a bit to their left to look behind her. Scene switches to show that Mako is approaching.
Jinora:  Ooh, he's cute.  Korra, is that the  handsome firebender boy that drives you crazy?
Frontal shot of a still bend over and panting Korra with Mako approaching behind her. She looks wide-eyed at the girls, glances back, and sees Mako.
Ikki:  Does he drive you crazy in a bad way,  or does he drive you crazy like you like him?
Korra quickly raises the earth underneath the sisters, catapulting them in the air. Mako pulls up to her, so she turns to face him and clears her throat. Switch to a frontal shot of Korra as a giggling Jinora and Ikki softly land behind her using airbending.
Korra:  Ahem. Oh. Hey, Mako.
Mako:  You seen Bolin?
Korra:  Nice to see you, too.  And no.  I haven't seen him since practice. Think something's wrong?
Mako:  I don't know.  Bolin has a knack for getting into stupid situations.  See you later.
Korra briefly glances down, but quickly raises her hand as she calls after Mako.
Korra: Wait.  I could, uh ... help you look for him.
Mako:  Nah. I got it.
Korra:  Hey, cool guy, let me help you.  We can take Naga.
Mako:  Who's Naga?
Korra:  My best friend. And a great tracker.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a frontal shot of Mako and Korra riding on Naga through the streets of Republic City at night.
Mako: Your best friend is a ... polar bear dog.  Somehow, that makes perfect sense.
Korra:  I'll take that as a compliment, city boy.
</scene>

<scene>
They both smile. Cut to a shot of a statue of Fire Lord Zuko holding up a flame. The camera pans down and shows Naga pulling up at the base of the statue. Closer shot of Mako and Korra as they look around. The camera switches to a panning left shot of several citizens chatting and hanging out on the square.
Mako: Well, this is his usual hangout.  You guys seen my brother around here today?
Skoochy:  Perhaps. My memory's a little ..."foggy".  Maybe you can help "clear it up".
Side shot of Mako and Skoochy, who holds out a casual, but suggestive hand, asking silently for money.
Mako:  You're good, Skoochy.  Humph, a real pro.
</scene>

<scene>
Mako digs into his back pocket and retrieves a yuan bill. He hands it to Skoochy, who immediately puts it away in the inner pocket of his jacket. The entire scene is eyed by a shocked and disapproving Korra.
Skoochy: Yeah, I seen him.
Mako: When?
Skoochy: About noon.
Mako:  What was he doing?
Skoochy: H-he was performing  some kind of monkey rat circus. And then ...
Skoochy holds his hand out to Mako again. A frontal shot shows how Mako rolls his eyes in annoyance, but takes out another yuan bill.
Mako:  And then what? Why did he leave?
Skoochy:  Shady Shin showed up and flashed some serious cash.  Bo took off with him in his hot rod.  The Triple Threats? The Red Monsoons? The Agni Kais? All the triads are muscling up for something real big. Now that's all you're getting outta me!
</scene>

<scene>
Skoochy promptly turns around and runs off. Broad frontal shot of Mako and Korra, as Skoochy's friends pass the scene, running after him.
Korra: What's he talking about?
Mako:  Sounds like there's a turf war brewing.  And Bolin's about to get caught right in the middle of it.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to several trolleys riding by. As they pass, Naga is revealed, carrying Korra and Mako on her back, who had been waiting to go on.
Korra:  So where're we headed?
Mako:  The Triple Threat Triad's headquarters. Hopefully Bolin's there and nothing's gone down yet.
Korra:  The Triple Threat Triad? I beat up some of those yahoos when I got into town. Why would Bolin get tangled up wit —
</scene>

<scene>
The rest of Korra's sentence is cut off when Naga suddenly shoot forward. Cut to a frontal shot as the polar bear dog dashes through the street, taking a sharp right turn in pursuit of a running fire ferret.
Korra: Whoa, Naga!
Korra pulls the reins to halt her mount, to no avail. Front shot as Naga turn around the corner of a building, the ferret waiting for them. Aerial shot as the fire ferret runs down a street and climbs a street light as Naga approaches.
Mako:  That's Pabu!
Korra:  No, Naga! Pabu's a friend, not a snack.
Naga calms down and starts panting, her tongue out of her mouth. Side shot of Pabu who has slid down the pole, and brings his nose forward to touch Naga's, before jumping on her head and running down her back to climb onto Mako's shoulder, who briefly smiles at the animal.
Mako:  We gotta hurry.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to shot of the foggy sky, the full moon hidden behind three slim clouds. The shot pans down; Korra, Mako, and the animals are standing outside the Triple Threat Triad headquarters.
Mako:  Something's not right.  There're usually thugs posted out front. We better be cautious.
Side shot as he presses his back against the door post and peers into the door window, while signaling to Korra that it is safe to come up. As he slinks back into the shadows, Korra casually strolls toward the door, forsaking any sneaking up. Switch to inside the room to a shot of the front door as the double doors are being kicked out of their hinges by Korra. The small party enters the empty room, looking around. The building is strangely empty and the furniture is broken.
Mako: Bolin? You in here?
</scene>

<scene>
A truck's engine roars outside and Korra and Mako promptly run out the back. As they crash through the door, they're just in time to witness a truck and five motorcycles drive off. Cut to a closer shot of the back of the truck, its doors still open. Switch to a frontal shot of Bolin and Shady Shin, both tied down and gagged, sitting inside the truck. Camera pans up to show a masked individual who closes the doors. Cut back to a side shot of a shocked-looking Mako and Korra who run after the strangers.
Mako: Bolin!
</scene>

<scene>
As Mako and Korra run after the vehicles, the camera cuts to two masked figures on motorcycles who pull out smoke grenades and toss them at the incoming duo. Scene shifts to a frontal shot of Mako and Korra as the grenades explode with a bright flash and produce thick, heavy, green smoke, effectively halting their pursuit for some seconds. Cut to a broader shot. The masked figures take notice of the grenades effects and drive of with screeching tires. An aerial shot reveals how they quickly pull away and turn a corner, smoke in their trail. Cut back to Mako and Korra, coughing heavily amidst the smoke, covering their mouths.
Korra: Naga, come!
</scene>

<scene>
Korra starts running in the direction the motorcyclists took off in, Naga racing across the camera after her. As she passes, Mako starts to run after them as well. Cut to a wide shot of the adjacent street as Naga with Korra and Mako on top comes dashing out of the smoke-filled alley. Switch to a side shot of the duo while moving along with Naga's strides, and cut to a still shot as the truck they're chasing drives off into the distance, the motorcyclists in tow. Cut to a frontal shot of the truck and its pursuing party. Cut to a side shot of Korra and Mako, the latter sending a fire blast at the masked motorcyclists, who swerve to avoid it. Frontal shot of Korra as she brings up her arms, before following the cracks in the earth her earthbending move has produced. Side shot of a motorcyclist, who avoids the first big crack, before being catapulted into the air by an earth ramp created by Korra. Back-shot as the rider lands safely and continues to follow the rest of the escaping party. Cut to an aerial shot as they dash out of the alley and swarm into an open square. Cut back to a low shot on the ground as two of the motorcyclists fall back, one swerving to the left and the other bring her motor to a spinning halt while throwing a bola at the incoming Naga. Switch to a shot of Naga's running feet as they are tied together by the rope. Broader side shot as she crashes to the ground, sending her riders flying through the air and onto the ground as well. Frontal shot of Korra as she gets up on her knees while Mako slides on his back to a halt near her with a groan. They look up and the scene switches to the two masked motorcyclists, who elegantly twist in the air to land at opposite sides of Mako and Korra to fight them, who at this point, have gotten up. The female rider wastes no time and runs for Korra, who ignites her right fist and sends a large fire blast at the incoming attacker. Frontal shot of the female as she elegantly avoids the blast by jumping over it, twisting several times in the air, and continues her run for the Avatar. Side shot as she initiates a hand-to-hand combat with Korra. The chi blocker aims for Korra's head, but the Avatar averts the course with her left hand. She retaliates with a fire blast, which her opponent ducks under. The camera rapidly turns around them when the chi blocker locks arms with Korra. The Avatar throws another fire punch with her left hand, but the chi blocker leans back to dodge it, knocking Korra's hand to the side. Korra uses her sideways moment to spin around in a full moon fire kick, though the masked fighter evades the blast by moving to her left. Camera turns again and stops at a side shot when Korra aims a high fire kick at the chi blocker's head, who reciprocates that move and curls her leg around the Avatar's and pulls it down, creating an unguarded opening to Korra's right side. She delivers about four punches to the Avatar's side and arm and backs away. Frontal shot as Korra staggers with a grunt, as her right side has gone numb. She grabs hold of her right arm with her left one, her eye big in wonder about what just happened to her. Korra's look changes to one of determination. Cut to a broad shot of the two as Korra madly charges the masked female with her left hand ablaze. The masked woman avoids the blast, flips over a low-aimed fire arc, and jumps to avoid a fire blast aimed at her feet. The camera moves back, encircling the fighters, while the two women run toward each other. As the camera turns, glimpses of Mako and his opponent pass the revue. Korra aims two more fire blasts at her attacker, but to no avail as she dodges. Cut to a frontal shot of Mako, who spins into view, grunting in pain as he finds his right arm immobilized. He briefly clutches it, but quickly focuses again on his male attacker, who comes at him again. Cut to a back shot of Mako as he aims a wide fire-fueled swing at his opponent, who easily ducks under it, twirls behind Mako's back, and quickly delivers several punches to his unguarded left side. Switch to Korra's side who receives the same quick punches to her left side. Broad side shot as Korra's attacker jumps up and kicks the staggering Avatar back with two feet to the chest. As Korra falls backward, the camera switches to a back-shot of Mako who is also being flung backward. He lands roughly on the ground with a heavy thud and a groan; Korra lands right before him with a similar grunt of pain. Cut to a frontal shot of a tied up Naga, growling at the scene that developed before her, and she starts to tug at her restraints. Cut to a shot of a scared looking Mako and wondering Korra, before cutting to the female masked rider, who is approaching them while twirling her bola around her menacingly. The camera pans to the left to reveal her male counterpart performing the same action. Cut to a close shot of a wide-eyed Korra, before switching back to their incoming aggressors. As one of the masked figures prepares to throw the bola, his concentration is broken by a loud growl and he looks to his right. Cut to a frontal shot of Naga who jumps up through the air, teeth bare and growling. The shot widens to show how the polar bear dog drives off the attackers from her owner and friend. Frontal shot of Naga as she growls viciously. Pabu jumps off her back, and runs before her, following Naga's example and squeaking at the attackers. Switch to a side-view of both rides who briefly eye each other before jumping up, hurling more smoke grenades to cover their exit. Switch to a side shot as they both ride out of the smoke on their motorcycles. Cut to a shot of Korra and Mako as they slowly push themselves up. Pabu crawls up Mako's leg and onto his shoulder while Korra drapes her arm around Naga's head and allows her pet to pull her to her feet. Frontal shot of Korra as she curiously eyes her hands, and raises her arms, punching out in an attempt to bend.
Korra:  Ugh, I can't bend.  I can't bend!
Mako: Calm down, it'll wear off.  Those guys were chi blockers.  They're Amon's henchmen.
Korra: Amon?  That anti-bending guy with a mask?
Mako: Yeah, he's the leader of the Equalists.
Korra: What do they want with the Triple Threats?
Mako: Whatever it is,  can't be good.  Urgh, can't believe Bolin got himself into this mess! 
Korra: Mako,  we are going to save your brother.  I promise you that.
</scene>

<scene>
Fade to a side shot of Korra and Mako riding on Naga through another street of the City in search of Bolin. The shad blurs into another shot of them in the vicinity of a deserted bridge. Naga walks up to a lit trolley station. Cut to a back shot of Naga walking through another street, vanishing in the fog. Switch to a side shot of the duo atop Naga, who is panting heavily.
Korra: We've been out all night.  No sign of him.
Mako:  We've gotta keep looking. But where?
They both turn in another direction, eyes closed in disappointment. Suddenly, Korra erects herself and her eyes spring open.
Korra: Huh!  I have an idea!
</scene>

<scene>
With a determined look on her face, she pulls Naga's reins and they start moving again. Fade to an overview shot of Republic City Park, covering in morning fog. They pull up at a fountain, and the shot switches to a close side-view of Naga as she bends over to drink. Pabu climbs on top of Naga's head and takes a drink, too. Cut to a frontal shot of Korra and Mako who are sitting by the fountain; Mako has his eyes closed.
Korra: The first day I got into town, I ran into an Equalist protester  over there.
Mako:  And you think they'll know where Bolin is?
Korra:  It's our only lead right now.
</scene>

<scene>
Fade to a slowly panning to the right shot. Korra and Mako are sitting with their backs against Naga's side; the polar bear dog is resting underneath a tree at the side of the fountain. Cut to a close-up; Pabu is asleep atop Naga's saddle, Mako has his eyes closed and arms crossed, and Korra is looking around, slightly uncomfortable. Eventually, she turns to Mako.
Korra:  So, why is Bolin running around with the Triple Threat Triad, anyway?
Mako:  Well, we ... we used to do some work for them back in the day.
Korra:  What? Wha- Are you some kind of criminal?
Mako:  No! You don't know what you're talking about. I just ran numbers for them and stuff. We were orphans out on the street; I did what I had to do to survive and protect my little brother.
Korra:  I'm sorry. It must have been really hard.  Can I ask what happened to your parents?
Mako:  They were mugged, by a firebender. He cut them down right in front of me. I was eight.
Korra:  Mako ...
Mako:  Bolin's the only family I have left. If anything happened to him ...
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a ground view of the sun shining through the tree branches; the shot is slowly moving up toward the light. Switch to an aerial shot of the party, all asleep; Korra and Mako are leaning on each other, sleeping against Naga's side.
Protester:  Equality now! Equality now!  We want equality now!
As the duo slowly opens their eyes, they notice that they are close against each other. As the reality of that fact sinks in, both their eyes shoot open in horror. Korra lets out a horrified gasp and they scramble away from each other out of embarrassment.
Korra: I-I ... er ... eheh, humn, hmmehem.
Korra smiles awkwardly at Mako who stares back at her. They turn their attention in wonder in the direction of the sound that woke them up.
Protester: Nonbenders of Republic City ...
Korra:  That's the guy.
</scene>

<scene>
The camera quickly zooms toward the protester, stopping at a close-up.
Protester: Amon calls you to action! Take back your city! It's time for the ...  It's you again!  You cannot silence me, Avatar!
</scene>

<scene>
Korra promptly swats away the megaphone under a squeal of the protester. Cut to a shot of the megaphone breaking into little pieces.
Korra:  Shut your yapper and listen up. My friend got kidnapped by some chi blockers. Where'd they take him?
Protester:  I have no idea what you're talking about.
Korra:  Oh, I think you do.
</scene>

<scene>
The shot moves back to a broad side shot of the entire party as Korra lifts her leg in the air and slams it down with a half-moon kick. The earth underneath the table rises, catapulting it in the air and throwing the protester off. Shot to a ground view of the airborne table that flips in the air. Leaflets with a picture of Amon are thrown off and rain down upon the area. Switch to a broad side shot as the leaflets fall upon everyone, the protester and his friend still lying on the ground. Cut to a closer shot of the protester as he starts to pick up the leaflets, a dismayed look on his face. Cut to a shot of Mako grabbing one of the papers out of the air and examining it.
Mako:  "Witness the Revelation tonight, nine o' clock".  What's this "Revelation"?
Protester:  Nothing that concerns the likes of you two!
</scene>

<scene>
The protester squeals as Korra grabs the hem of his shirt and pulls him up. Cut to a side shot of the threesome.
Korra:  You better believe it concerns us. Spill it.
Protester:  No one knows what the Revelation is! And I have no idea what happened to your friend.  But if he's a bender, then my bet is he's getting what's coming to him.
Mako:  Where's it happening?
</scene>

<scene>
At the sound of a whistle, Mako and Korra turn to their left. Cut to a back shot of them, revealing a policeman, running toward them, while blowing his whistle again.
Policeman:  Hey! What's going on over there?
Protester:  The Avatar's oppressing us. Help!
Korra:  Let's scram.
</scene>

<scene>
Korra and Mako run off, but Mako quickly snatches up a handful of leaflets before vaulting on Naga; Korra was already perched upon the animal, with Pabu sitting in front of her. As soon as Mako's on, Naga takes off. Cut to a sight of a trolley passing over a bridge. Cut to Mako and Korra sitting on a bench underneath the bridge. Korra holds one of the leaflets, while they're both looking at several others spread out over the floor. There hangs a map of the city next to Korra on the wall.
Korra:  Why didn't the Equalists put a location on these?
Mako:  Probably because they don't want just anyone waltzing in to their big  "Revelation",  whatever that is.  I bet the information is hidden on here somehow. Look at the backs.  There's four different images.
Korra:  So,  it's a puzzle?
Mako:  Yeah, of a map!
He excitedly gets on his feet. Side shot as he walks over to the map next to Korra, four leaflets in hand. Switch to a back shot of the duo as he starts to compare them to the city map, moving the image over different areas. Closer shot of the map as he finds the right location. One of the leaflets has a red spot on its back, indicating the meeting place.
Mako:  Bingo.  That must be where it's going down.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a frontal shot as the teenagers smile contently at one another. Camera moves slightly closer to Korra's confident grin. Cut to an aerial pan shot of a factory site at night, before switching to a ground shot of a factory, barely visible in the nightly fog that hangs over it. A group of people walk toward the building, and Korra and Mako stay into the shadow of another building, eyeing them.
Mako: This is the place.
</scene>

<scene>
Frontal shot of the duo as Mako puts on a hat to fit his disguise outfit and Korra puts on a flapper hat, tugging her ponytail underneath it, before walking toward the other factory building. Cut to a shot of the entrance, where a doorman in checking the invitation of a citizen, who is holding up the leaflet. Approving it, he moves aside to let the man in, and immediately turns his attention to the man that was waiting, who takes out his own leaflet and shows it. Switch to an approaching Korra and Mako. Korra moves closer and grabs hold of his arm.
Mako:  What are you doing?
Korra:  We'll attract less attention this way.
Doorman:  This is a private event. No one gets in without an invitation.
Korra: Uh ... invitation?
Close-up as the doorman looks suspiciously at Korra and Mako, cocking an eyebrow.
Mako:  You mean this?
Doorman:  The Revelation is upon us, my brother and sister.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a side shot of inside the building as Mako and Korra enter. They walk to the meeting place and look out over the gathered crowd. The camera pans from them to show the entire crowd, waiting before an empty, but lit podium at the other side of the large factory.
Mako: I knew a lot of people hated benders, but I've never seen so many in one place.  Keep your eyes out for Bolin.
</scene>

<scene>
Korra and Mako run off to the side. Cut to a shot of four spots being switched on. Switch to Mako and Korra as they make their way through the waiting crowd.
Announcer:  Please welcome your hero,  your savior ... Amon!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a level view of the stage as Amon emerges from a trapdoor in the stage with a line of Equalists behind him under loud approving cheers of the crowd. A spotlight is turned on, illuminating the Equalist leader, and the camera zooms in to a close-up. Switch to Korra who eyes him slightly shocked, and back to Amon as he walks up to the microphone, the people still cheering loudly for him.
Amon:  My quest for equality began many years ago.  When I was a boy, my family and I lived on a small farm. We weren't rich, and none of us were benders.  This made us very easy targets for the firebender who extorted my father.  One day, my father confronted this man, but when he did,  that firebender took my family from me. Then, he took my face.  I've been forced to hide behind a mask ever since.  As you know, the Avatar has recently arrived in Republic City.  And if she were here,  she would tell you that bending brings balance to the world. But, she is wrong. The only thing bending has brought to the world, is suffering.  It has been the cause of every war in every era.  But that is about to change.  I know you have been wondering, "What is the Revelation?"  You are about to get your answer.  Since the beginning of time,  the spirits have acted as guardians of our world, and they have spoken to me.  They say the Avatar has failed humanity.  That is why the spirits have chosen me to usher in a new era of balance. They have granted me a power  that will make Equality a reality. The power to take a person's bending away.  Permanently.
</scene>

<scene>
The audience gasps. Cut to a close-up of Korra's eyes widening in horror.
Korra:  That's impossible.  There's no way.
Mako:  This guy's insane!
Amon:  Now, for a demonstration. Please welcome, Lightning Bolt Zolt.  Leader of the Triple Threat Triad, and one of the most notorious criminals in Republic City. 
Lightning Bolt Zolt:  Ah, boo yourself!
</scene>

<scene>
Equalist guards lead four more tied up benders onto the stage, forcing them to their knees, Bolin being the last of them. The camera zooms in on Bolin who is anxiously looking around with a scared expression. Switch to Korra in the crowd.
Korra: There's Bolin.
Korra determinedly starts walking to the front, but is pulled back by Mako.
Mako:  Wait, we can't fight them all. We need to be smart about this.
Korra:  Then come up with a game plan,  "Team Captain".
Amon:  Zolt has amassed a fortune by extorting and abusing nonbenders.  But his reign of terror is about to come to an end.  Now, in the interest of fairness,  I will give Zolt the chance to fight to keep his bending.
Amon moves away from Zolt and the Equalist guard pushes Zolt in the opposite direction Amon took to bring some space between the two fighters.
Lightning Bolt Zolt:  You're gonna regret doing that, pal.
</scene>

<scene>
Lightning Bolt Zolt immediately directs a fire blast at Amon. Backshot of Zolt as Amon nimbly dodges every blast that Zolt throws at him, gradually coming closer. A side shot of Amon dodging the rounds of fire blasts switches to a frontal shot of Zolt who surges forward while generating lightning. He fires the bolt at the Equalist leader who ducks underneath it, grabs hold of Zolt's wrist, and twists it around and away from him. The lighting crashes into the stage, before hitting the ceiling as Amon turns his hands further away. Close side shot of Zolt as his neck is being grabbed by Amon's hand. Switch to a frontal shot of the two man, lightning still shooting out of Zolt's fingers, as Amon moves his hand from Zolt's wrist to his forehead. Close-up of Zolt's forehead as Amon places his thumb in the center; Zolt's face is contorted in fear. Cut to a side shot of Korra and Mako as they watch the scene on stage, basking in an eerie blue light, emanating from the lighting charge. Cut to an extreme close-up of Zolt's right eye, Amon's reflection visible in the pupil. Switch to a broad side shot of the entire stage. The crackling lightning changes into a large fire blast, and stops entirely. Cut to a frontal shot of the two men. Amon lets go of Zolt, who collapses weakly onto the ground. Switch to a side shot as Amon takes a few steps back and Zolt attempts to firebend at Amon to no avail; he crashed back to the ground before the feet of the Equalist leader. The crowd gasps.
Lightning Bolt Zolt:  Wha ... what did you do to me?
Amon:  Your firebending is gone. Forever.  The era of bending is over. A new era of Equality has begun!
The crowd cheers madly. Switch to the other captured benders. One of the Equalist guards releases the second captured bender, Shady Shin, and kicks him forward to face Amon.
Shady Shin:  No! Ugh!
Korra:  Any ideas yet?
Mako:  I think so, see those machines?  They're powered by water and steam. If you create some cover, I can grab Bolin  without anyone seeing. Then, we duck out of here.
Korra: Works for me.  Mako, good luck. 
Mako: You, too.
</scene>

<scene>
Korra emerges at the side of the pleased crowd, carefully moving through one of the side exits. Cut to a shot of her running through a hallway filled with machines. She stops; switch to a ground shot of Korra turning a big red wheel on the machine. With a grunt of effort from Korra, the wheel turns, releasing one small air leak.
Korra:  It's not enough.
She bends over and squats down, turning a small red wheel, causing another minor air leak.
Doorman:  Hey, you!
</scene>

<scene>
Korra stands up to see the doorman approach her, his size filling up the entire hallway, blocking any possible exit in that direction. Back at the meeting, Mako makes his way to the front of the crowd as Amon is taking away Shady Shin's bending. Close shot of a earthbender and Bolin, eyeing each other in fright. The bender is grabbed by the collar and pulled to his feet. He gasps, and Bolin is left for last. Cut to a frontal shot of the doorman.
Korra:  Is there a problem, my brother?
Doorman:  What are you doing back here?
Korra:  Uh ... looking for the bathroom?
</scene>

<scene>
Korra cracks an innocent grin. Switch to a ground back-shot of the doorman as he takes out a wrench. Cut to Korra's eyes, which have switched from a look of faked innocence to a look of focus. Close-up of the wrench being twirled around in the doorman's hand, before switching to a broad shot of the hallway as the man attacks Korra. She nimbly ducks under his swing, and evades his next attack, coming up behind him. He turns around and aims an overhead swing at her, but Korra evades it again, making him hit the pipes. Cut to a back shot of Mako in the crowd, watching Amon remove another bender's bending. He turns to his left, looking to where Korra disappeared to.
Mako:  Come on ...
</scene>

<scene>
Cut back to Korra as she ducks underneath another violent swing of the doorman's wrench that hits the pipes instead, denting them. Close-up of a now hatless Korra who takes off Mako's scarf and uses it to tie around the doorman's hand as he aimed another swing at her. Wider shot as Korra uses the scarf to pull the man into a turn, flinging his entire body into the machine, knocking off all the vents that were holding down the steam. Through three open pipes, steam pores out and fills the room. Ground, frontal shot as Korra looks at the steam.
Korra:  Thanks. This should be enough.
</scene>

<scene>
She runs forward to the camera. Cut to a frightened Bolin as an Equalist guard moves toward him. As the Equalist start to fumble at his ropes, Bolin anxiously looks back, whimpering softly. Once he is free, he is pulled on his feet and thrown forward. Switch to a back-shot as he stumbles forward on the stage while the bender Amon just took care of slumps down in exhaustion. Close-up of Amon as he slowly turns around under loud cheering of the crowd. Cut back to a frontal shot of Bolin, who has the fingertips of his hands pressed together as he addresses Amon.
Bolin:  Uh, hello, Amon, sir.  I think there's been a big misunderstanding.
</scene>

<scene>
Amon moves forward and Bolin slightly backs up. Cut to Korra, waterbending the steam behind her, a focused look on her face. The moment she has enough, she directs it all in front of her with a powerful swipe of her hand. Cut to a back-shot of Bolin. An explosion to his left makes him duck for cover; under loud screams of the crows, steam starts to pour in to the meeting room. Quick frontal shot of a shocked Bolin as he looks at what is going on. Switch to an overview shot of the room from behind the stage, steam engulfing everything in its path, clouding everyone and everything. Cut to a back-shot of several civilians backing up from the incoming steam, turning around and making a break for it. Cut to a shot of Amon standing amidst the steam; he backs away, vanishing completely. Switch to Bolin who is looking around him, a focused look on his face. He slowly backs up, but is grabbed from behind by an Equalist, much to Bolin's shock. Mako emerges out of the steam from behind the Equalist, grabs hold of him, and throws him away over his shoulder. Switch to a wide side shot as the Equalist is flung far away from the brothers. Cut to a frontal shot of Mako and Bolin as Mako turns to his brother.
Mako: Bolin, you all right?
Bolin: Yes!  Mako! I love you!
</scene>

<scene>
As Bolin moves forward in an attempt to hug his brother, Mako seizes him around his neck and drags him off into the steam. Cut to a side shot of outside the factory where a door is being flung open, scaring off several birds. The two brothers emerge from the balcony exit and run over to a ladder; switch to a ground shot as they start descending it, Bolin being the first. An aerial shot of the balcony shows another person emerging from the door and running over to the ladder. Brief frontal shot of Mako looking up changes to a ground shot from his point of view to show an Equalist fighter, the Lieutenant, twirling his kali sticks and slamming them into the ladder, sending an electricity charge through it. Mako and Bolin scream in shock and pain and fall down, landing with grunts. The Lieutenant jumps down from the balcony, his kali stick charged. A far off side shot shows that he lands and immediately releases the charge, forcing the brothers to jump away. Frontal shot of first Bolin, followed by Mako, as they erect themselves, having pushed themselves out of the way of the Lieutenant's attack. Mako raises his fist and goes on the offensive, launching a fire jet at the crouched Lieutenant from his left fist. Frontal shot of the Equalist as he runs off to avoid the blast. He attacks Mako with his kali sticks, electricity trailing behind them as he rapidly swings them around. With a few fast hits, Mako is floored, and the Lieutenant turns to Bolin. Switch to a back-shot of the Lieutenant. Bolin flips over and uses his own momentum to hurl a slap of earth at the Lieutenant with a grunt of focus, who jumps up, twirling out of its path. He does a similar evasive maneuver to avoid the second block a grunting Bolin threw at him, before charging the earthbender. Frontal shot of an alarmed-looking Bolin; switch to a back-shot of him as he conjures up a large earth wall to protect himself. The Lieutenant performs a round off, before back flipping and somersaulting over Bolin's wall. He lands behind a shocked Bolin, who quickly turns to face him, and after delivering several quick hits with his charged kali sticks, the Lieutenant jabs him with the two electrified kali sticks and electroshocks him until he falls to the ground unconscious. Suddenly, Mako emerges from beside the wall, using the adjacent building to push himself off in the Lieutenant's direction, sending a fire slice in his direction. The Lieutenant dodges, and Mako kicks out another fire slice while grunting in effort, knocking over Bolin's wall with his attack. The Lieutenant charges Mako again and after a quick exchange of some blows striking air from both parties, the Lieutenant lands a hit with a kali stack in Mako's stomach, flinging him back with a grunt of pain. As Mako is pushed up against the wall, the Lieutenant charges and twirls both his weapon sticks and jabs Mako's chest, electroshocking him into unconsciousness. Wider shot as Mako slumps onto the ground as well; the Lieutenant is looking at Bolin's unconscious form.
Lieutenant: You benders need to understand, there's no place in the world for you anymore.
</scene>

<scene>
A pillar of rock shoots up beside the Lieutenant and thrusts him brutally against the building. He slams hard against the metal, his two kali sticks are knocked out of his hands, and he falls down onto the ground. As he tries to get up, the camera switches to his point of view to show Korra standing there in an earthbending pose.
Korra: I wouldn't count us out just yet.  Naga!
Naga barks and immediately comes running from behind a building, jumping down the last of the ramp. Korra walks over to Mako as he struggles to get up and helps him to his feet. Overview shot of the alley as more Equalist fighters storm the area from the balcony. Korra and Mako ascend on to Naga. Frontal shot of Bolin who sits up, slightly dazed, though he screams in fright and moved his hands protectively before him as he looks up. Side shot as Naga runs up, grabbing Bolin with her teeth by his collar and drags him off.
Bolin:  Hah ... Oh ... Yah ... Stop ... I want ... to be ... on ... your back ... please!
Lieutenant:  The Avatar. That's her!
Several Equalists immediately run after them. The shot moves up, revealing Amon standing on the balcony, overlooking the situation, his hands folded casually behind his back.
Amon: Let her go.  She's the perfect messenger to tell the city of my power.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a moon in the sky beside the tower on Air Temple Island. The shot pans down, leveling with Tenzin and two White Lotus sentries. Switch to a close-up of the threesome; they turn at Korra who is approaching them. Tenzin moves to meet her.
Tenzin: Thank goodness.  I was just about to send out a search party.  Are you all right?  Korra, what happened? Did you find your friend?
Korra:  Yes, but ...  I was at an Equalist rally.  I saw Amon.
Tenzin:  What?
Korra:  He can take people's bending away.  For good.
Tenzin:  That's ...  that's impossible. Only the Avatar has ever possessed that ability.
Korra:  But I saw him do it.
Tenzin:  I believe you.  I don't know how Amon has achieved this power, but this means the revolution is more dangerous than ever.  No bender is safe.
Fade to credits.
Main Bolin Korra Mako Naga Antagonists Amon Equalists Lieutenant: Minor Butakha Doorman Ikki Jinora Lightning Bolt Zolt Pabu Protester Shady Shin Skoochy Tenzin<scene>
Shiro Shinobi:  So much has changed these past three years! Mako is a bodyguard for the future Earth King, Prince Wu, while Bolin works for Kuvira, the Earth Kingdom's interim leader, who has brought stability to a nation plagued by chaos. Meanwhile, after wandering the world trying to heal herself, a spirit led Korra to the swamp, where she met Toph Beifong. Will this earthbending master be the key to Korra regaining her Avatar mojo?
</scene>

<scene>
As the title card fades, the scene opens on City Hall; a few spirits play on the spirit vines lining the square.
Wu:  So then the crowds are gathered, all excited to see my coronation, when all of a sudden, these boulders come rolling through. And guess what pops out of 'em? Earthbender dames! These gals start banging the boulders like drums, and sing the song of my royal lineage.  It's the most dynamite six-hour show you'll ever see in your life. 
Mako: Shouldn't you be getting ready to,  I don't know ... rule a whole nation?
Wu:  Now, now, now, don't get yourself in a tizzy.  I'll have ministers for all that!  No, sir, Mako, when we get to Ba Sing Se, it'll just be two kooky pals, living the life! 
Mako:  Yay ...
</scene>

<scene>
President Raiko enters the scene.
Raiko: Getting excited for your big day?
Wu: Does a platypus-bear poop in‒ Hey!  You can't put bleachers there! There won't be enough room for the Dance of the Badgermoles! Look, it's going to go like this. 
Mako: You sure that's the guy you want running the Earth Kingdom?
</scene>

<scene>
Tenzin enters the scene. Him too, looking at Wu's dance.
Raiko: Trust me. We'll be sending a delegation of experienced advisers to handle day-to-day governing.
Tenzin:  I see the prince is becoming accustomed to the burdens of leadership.
Raiko: You know royals. They love a ceremony. Have you received any word on the Avatar's location?
Tenzin:  Not yet, but I have airbenders all over the world on the lookout for her.  I hope they find her soon. I'm concerned about reports I've heard regarding Kuvira's growing military. They say she's throwing some of her dissenters into prison camps.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Raiko and Mako, while Tenzin has his back to the camera.
Raiko: Well, she'll be stepping down tomorrow. We can worry about correcting any of her mistakes after that.
Mako: And you're not worried about her handing power over to Prince Wu?
Raiko:  When Kuvira started cleaning up the Earth Kingdom, she knew her position wasn't permanent. She gave me her word that she'd step down.
Tenzin:  Still, I'd feel a lot better if Korra were here.
Next cut shows the swamp, where Korra and Toph are shown in Toph's dwelling. Korra stands on the left, while Toph sits on the right, drinking tea.
Korra: You got to help me get back into Avatar fighting shape.  I'm getting my butt kicked by losers all over the Earth Kingdom. The world needs me.
Toph:  Get over yourself! The world doesn't need you one bit.
Korra:  But, while I've been the Avatar, I've stopped some really bad people from doing some really bad things.
Toph: Listen, when I was Chief of Police in Republic City, I worked my butt off busting criminals. But did that make crime disappear? Nope. If there's one thing I learned on the beat, it's that the names change, but the street stays the same.
Korra: So, basically, you're saying that everything I've ever accomplished has been pointless.  And I thought Beifong was grumpy.
Toph:  I'm the original Beifong!
Korra: So ... you're not going to train me?
Toph: Well, I was planning on soaking my feet in mud for a few weeks.  But I can't stand you being so pathetic and getting your butt kicked all the time. All right, I guess I can help.
Korra: Thank you!
Korra moves in to hug Toph, but Toph bends a wall between them, knocking Korra down.
Toph: Na-uh-uh-uh. You want to hug something,  go hug a tree.  We're here to work!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Wu's hotel in Republic City, where Bolin, Kuvira, Baatar Jr. and the rest of Kuvira's delegation arrive.
Bolin: Hello Republic Cit-ay! Bolin ... is back!  And ... Eska is also here.
Eska:  I see you have replaced me with a new girlfriend.  Well done, she seems very threatening.
Bolin: Oh no no, that's Kuvira, she's kind of my boss.
Eska:  Boss, girlfriend. Same thing.
Cam:  I'm afraid there's been a mistake, Your Eminence. We have you and your brother booked in the same room, with only one bed.
Eska: It's no mistake. Desna sleeps in the tub.
</scene>

<scene>
Eska shoots a look over her shoulder and walks off with her brother. Cut to Varrick, who is waiting for Zhu Li, who is carrying four suitcases, to catch up with him.
Varrick: Never thought I'd be allowed back in the Republic City Four Elements.  Raiko must have turned purple when Kuvira made him pardon me of my alleged crimes.
Zhu Li: You're an upstanding citizen again, sir.
Varrick:  Upstanding is right!  And don't forget to fill the extra bag with as many of those little soaps as you can grab.  Love the lavender scent.
Mako and Wu walk in with two guards who are at the door. Mako immediately spots Bolin, who is standing in the center albeit with his back turned.
Mako: Bolin!  Look at you! My little brother got all ... important.
Bolin: I know, right? I see myself in the mirror sometimes and I think I'm in trouble before I realize: it's only me.
Mako:  So, what's it like working for Kuvira?  From what I've heard, she's pretty harsh.
Bolin:  No! I—I mean, she can be tough, sure, but we're turning around the Earth Kingdom like you wouldn't believe! You remember how bad Grandma's neighborhood in Ba Sing Se was? All that's completely changed, I mean, we are really ... helping people. But what have you been up to? Fighting crime?  Busting triads? Chasing the ladies,  Mako-style?
Mako:  Well, I've been working for Wu.  And, uhhh ...  Yeah.
Bolin: So, have you seen Korra yet?
Mako: No. She was supposed to come in with Tonraq, but he said she left the South Pole months ago. No one knows where she is.
</scene>

<scene>
Bolin gets a worried look on his face. Cut to Suyin, who is handed the keys to her room, when she is approached by Baatar Jr.
Baatar Jr.: Mother.
Suyin: Hello, Baatar Jr.
Baatar Jr.: It's just "Baatar" now. So, now that you've seen all the good we've done since we left Zaofu, you must be sorry that you didn't come and help us.
Suyin: I don't know if I'd call marching all over the Earth Kingdom, forcing people to bow to Kuvira, "doing good".
Baatar Jr.: You're going to have to get over your grudge with her. I'm sure you've heard that we're engaged. She's going to be an official member of our family.
Suyin: I'm just glad she'll be stepping down after tomorrow.
Baatar Jr.: You prefer to be ruled by  that royal idiot?
Wu: I hope I'm not out of order saying this: You're pretty easy on the eyes for a military type.  I'll put in a good word for you with the hotel staff, maybe get you a little upgrade. I've been living here for years, they love me.
Kuvira: I won't be needing your help. We've reserved the presidential suite.
Wu: Well, I think someone is pulling your chain, gumdrop! See, I'm in the presidential suite.
Kuvira:  Not anymore. I had you moved out.
Wu:  Wait, what?  Cam, where's all my stuff?
Cam:  We've moved you into a very nice junior suite on the seventh floor.
Wu:  Junior suite?
Kuvira:  Something you should know about me: I always get what I want.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Mako and Wu at City Hall, with Wu visibly being worried.
Gun:  Your royal cabinet is here, your majesty!
Wu: Where have you been? My coronation is in ten minutes!  Where's everyone else? Where are the Seven Sacred Chests of Exquisite Finery? Where are my grandfather's taffeta pantaloons?
Gun: Sadly, most of your servants were scattered and the royal things were looted after the queen was  removed from office. So your coronation may not have some of the usual items ... like ... the crown.
Wu: There's no crown?! How can you have a coronation without a crown?  How will people know when I'm officially the king?
Gun:  We still have one of the royal jewels we can pin on you.
Wu:  An earring?
Gun: Think of it more as a royal brooch. 
Wu: Are you telling me that there are no dancing badgermoles? No acrobat bell ringers, no horn blowing announcery guy?
Gun: It will be a very simple, intimate, elegant ceremony. A wonderful day for your kingdom. Just try on the brooch, Your Grace, you will see it looks beautiful ... 
Wu: Don't ... touch me.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the swamp, where Korra and Toph are facing off.
Toph: Okay, bring it!
Korra tries to knock her down with airbending, but Toph evades every blast with her hands behind her back, before knocking Korra down with a single blast of mud. Korra lands in a pool of mud, all dirty, when a poll of grass in blown into her face and a frog-squirrel jumps onto her shoulder and croaks, much to Korra's annoyance.
Toph: Tell me what you did wrong.
Korra:  Well, I was thinking that you were ...
Toph:  Exactly! You were thinking!  Go again.
Korra gets up and tries again, but Toph effortlessly evades everything Korra throws at her, and finally knocks her down again by blasting her away with a stream of mud. She lands in a shallow pool, and turns on her back when Toph stands beside her again.
Toph: Pathetic. Of all the Avatar's I've worked with, you're by far the worst. I know that's only one other Avatar,  but still.
Korra:  Gah! Hey! It seems like you're enjoying having someone around to beat up an awful lot.
Toph: Yeah, the swampbenders out here really can't take a punch.
Korra: So ... what made you want to drop out and disconnect from the rest of the world?
Toph: I'm more connected to the world than you've ever been! The roots and vines ... they run all over the world. I can see Su and Lin, Zaofu and Republic City. I see everything.  You're blind compared to me.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Wu's coronation in Republic City. Gun pins the earring on Wu.
Gun: Now rise, Wu of the Hou-Ting Dynasty, King of all the Earth Lands and glorious defender of Ba Sing Se. Long may you reign!
A few people are applauding in the crowd.
Spectator #1:  Go Wu! Woohoo ...
Spectator #2:  Woohoo ...
Wu:  Thank you, for that incredibly brief, but very moving ceremony. I am touched by the love of my devoted countrymen, who have worked so hard to restore their beloved leader to the throne. One of them deserves special attention.  Kuvira, rise!  For your service to the realm, I would like to present you with the Kyoshi Medal of Freedom, our nation's highest honor, which was somehow not stolen, unlike the royal pinky rings.
Kuvira: Thank you. And if you don't mind, I would like to say a few words.
Wu: Why not?  We've got six hours to fill ...
Kuvira:  Growing up in Zaofu, with Suyin Beifong,  I learned that the idea of a royal family passing a title from one generation to the next was archaic, and that technology and innovation should be what drives a nation forward. It was the pathetic rule of kings and queens that caused the Earth Kingdom to descend into such incredible disarray. It's taken me three years to get it back on track, and there is no way I will allow it to slip back into the dark ages.  I'd like to make an announcement to the world: the Earth Kingdom is no more. And from here on out,  this man has no authority. 
Wu: Wait, what? But I just got the royal brooch!
Kuvira:  I have created a new Earth Empire, and I will continue to lead it into the future myself, bringing about a new era of prosperity for my people.
Crowd:  We love you, Kuvira!  All hail the Great Uniter!
Kuvira: And let me assure my fellow leaders of one thing:  Anyone who crosses our borders or stands in our way, will be crushed. 
Crowd:  Thank you, Kuvira! All hail the Great Uniter!
Wu:  Worst coronation ever.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the Republic City Four Elements hotel again, where Bolin and Varrick sit in the Presidential Suite.
Bolin: Were you surprised? Because I was really surprised. Won't this turn all the world leaders against us?
Varrick:  Relax, kid, what can they do? Kuvira controls the whole nation now, and Republic City is begging for the metal that we're mining. This train has left the station, and we own the track!
Zhu Li walks in, followed by a spirit vine on a cart.
Varrick: Now that's a nice looking hunk of spirit vine! Let's take it back to the lab and get it stabilized immediately.
Zhu Li gestures the men pushing the cart to take it away again, and Varrick goes with them. At the same time, Kuvira enters the room, and looks at Bolin, who sits uneasily in his chair, hands folded and head down.
Kuvira: You look worried, Bolin.
Bolin:  Yeah, well, I just have some misgivings about how you kind of ambushed Tenzin and the other leaders.
Kuvira: You believe in the work that we've done for the people of the Earth Empire, right, Bolin?
Bolin: I do, but ...
Kuvira:  Then stick with me. I'm going to need your help now more than ever. Raiko and the other leaders want to bully us into accepting some idiot king who will serve them but neglect the people. We have to stand strong against them.
Bolin: I'm just not sure about this whole "Empire" thing. It seems pretty aggressive. And what was that part about the crushing?
Kuvira: That was just some ... tough rhetoric to let people know that we mean business. Believe me,  conflict is the last thing I want. Will you help me make history, Bolin?
Bolin:  I'll stand by you.
Kuvira: Thank you.
Suyin walks into the room, drawing the attention of both of them.
Suyin: We need to talk. 
Kuvira:  Can you give us the room, please? 
Suyin: I met with the world leaders, and I've come as their representative.
Kuvira: So now you're taking an interest in world affairs. A little late, isn't it? When the queen fell, and everyone was asking you to help keep the Earth Kingdom from falling apart, all you wanted to do was hide in Zaofu, and let others deal with the consequences.
Suyin: That's hardly fair. I didn't want to seize power for myself, which is what you've done. I'm telling you for the good of everyone, you have to step down.
Kuvira: I stepped up. I provide stability and equality. Tell your world leaders to stay out of Earth Empire business. We won't accept their hand-picked dictator.
Suyin: What makes you so different? You're just another tyrant. And don't pretend the people put you where you are. I know what happens to cities who don't want to hand over control to you.
Kuvira: Then you know what's coming for Zaofu.
Fade to another room in the hotel.
Wu: First I lose my suite, then I lose my throne. My royal brooch is a lie!  I know you must be crushed, not getting to come back to Ba Sing Se with me.
Mako:  Don't worry about me. I'll ... find a way to make it.
Wu: Good ol' Mako, my big tough guy.  Okay. I just have to go on, move forward, take decisive action.  Let's go shopping!
Someone knocks on the door, and Mako, opening it, finds Bolin on the other side.
Wu:  Ugh. Get rid of him. He's with her.
Mako: He's my brother. 
Bolin: Interesting ceremony, huh?
Mako: You aren't going to keep working for Kuvira now that she's going against the wishes of the entire world, are you?
Bolin: You don't understand. Kuvira is helping out all the poor people of the Earth Empire. People like our family. This is for the best.
Mako: I don't know, bro.
Bolin: Okay, why don't you come with me, and you'll see for yourself? We've done a lot of good, and Varrick is working on some new innovations. We're making history.
Mako: By "crushing" anyone who gets in your way?
Bolin:  That was just some tough rhetoric to let the people know that we mean business. I mean, Kuvira is basically just like Korra.  She might seem hard to deal with, but just because she's so passionate and believes in what she's doing.
Mako: It seems like she's just a dictator who's taking the Earth Kingdom by force.
Bolin:  Oh, okay, you think your new best friend in there  would be a better leader than Kuvira?
Mako: Well, no, but still ...
Bolin: Still what? Come on, Mako! I'm making a difference out there, what are you doing, huh? You're just some glorified butler for some snotty rich bozo!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Wu on the inside of the door, eavesdropping on the conversation of the bending brothers. He gets agitated at Bolin's remark. Back outside, Bolin walks off.
Mako: I'm sorry, I don't want to work for your glorious emperor and her military dictatorship.
Bolin:  Fine! I'm going to go back to my awesome train, where we bring freedom where ever we go! Enjoy licking the king's boots in your junior suite! 
Wu:  Sorry, sport, I heard it all.
Mako: I can't believe him!
Wu: I know! Insulting another man's suite? It's beneath low. But I think I know what would cheer you up: a visit to Little Ba Sing Se Fashion Mall! I'll buy you a smoothie.
Mako:  Yeah. Okay.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut back to the swamp, where Korra and Toph are walking side by side.
Korra: That was terrible.
Toph: Hah! Maybe for you. I had a great time! I never realized how much I missed tormenting the Avatar  I wish you were putting up more of a fight, but it was still fun.
Korra: You were tossing me around like a ragdoll all day long.
Toph: I know! And I'm an old lady! Imagine me in my prime!  I would have destroyed you!
Korra: I just don't understand why I can't get back to my former self. It's like ... I'm a step slower. I'm tentative, I'm out of sync, I just can't get back in the groove.
Toph:  Probably carrying around that metal doesn't help.
Korra:  What metal?
Toph: The little bits of metal poison stuck in your body. Are you trying to tell me you can't feel metal in your own body? You really are the worst Avatar ever.
Korra:  I thought Su got it all out.
Toph: Oh, my girls never really picked up metalbending all that well, if you ask me.
Korra:  That's been my problem this entire time! I gotta get it out! You can get it out for me, right?
Toph: Who do you think you're talking to? 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the Little Ba Sing Se Fashion Mall, where Mako and Wu sit drinking smoothies through straws.
Wu: Once we're done with these, we can go into the Middle Ring and I'll let you pick out some new suits, then we'll hit the boutiques in the Upper Ring for me.  Where did you get those shirts?
Girl #1: Aces, right? Kuvira is my hero.
Girl #2: They're selling them over there.
She points to a store with a large crowd of Kuvira supporters in front of it. Wu pulls his hair in exasperation, squealing, before angrily running toward the shop.
Wu:  You can't sell that junk in here! This is the Little Ba Sing Se Fashion Mall, and I'm the Little King here! Respect the brooch!
Crowd:  Stop it, Little King!
Wu:  I am the Glorious Defender!
Wu throws his smoothie at the group. The sound of the cup hitting something and spilling is heard in the background and the yelling falls momentarily silent.
Crowd:  I'm covered in juice! Get him!
Mako: We need to get you out of here.
Mako pulls Wu by the arm, while Kuvira's supporters chase them. Mako realizes they can't outrun the group, so he creates a wall of fire behind them, blocking their attackers' path, and pulls Wu behind the wall of a shop, which happens to have a vandalized poster of Wu stuck to it.
Wu:  It's destiny. Look where we are, Mako! The Royal Palace.
Wu runs inside, rudely and haphazardly knocking down the trays of various people as he passes. At the far end of the room, he sees a mock-up of the throne; a little boy sits on it, playing with a fake scepter and a fake crown. Wu approaches and promptly tries to steal the scepter from the child.
Little Boy: Hey! It's my birthday!
Wu:  It's my coronation day! You'll have another birthday next year, but I'll never have this day back again! Never! 
Mako: Okay, you're losing it.
Wu:  This is the worst day of my life!
Mako: Why? Do you really want to be the king? I mean, Kuvira might be a power-crazed dictator, but at least she spent the last few years working hard to make the Earth Kingdom somewhat better. If you were an Earth Kingdom citizen, do you think you're the kind of person you want as your king? What have you ever done for your people?  I'm sorry, that was out of line.
Wu: No, you're right. No one ever talked to me like that before. I guess I'm just a joke who got what he deserved.
Mako:  Let's get you out of here and back to someplace safe.
Wu: Carry me?
Mako:  No.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut back to Korra and Toph. Korra is lying on a bed, and Toph is leaning over her.
Toph: Okay, if you want me to bend out this metal, you need to relax.
Korra:  I am relaxed.
Toph:  Seriously? Your body is like a twisted tree-trunk!
Korra: Just do it! I'm ready.
Toph cracks her fingers, then her shoulders. The second she starts bending the metal in Korra's body, Korra bolts upright in pain, yelling.
Toph: It wouldn't hurt if you would just relax! Stop fighting me!
Korra: I'm not fighting!
Korra throws herself back onto the bed. Toph cracks her back and starts bending again. This time, Korra gets the visions of Zaheer suffocating her again. She jolts back into reality, screaming.
Toph:  All right, that's it. You're going to have to do this yourself. Clearly, you want to keep the metal in there.
Korra: What do you mean? Why would I want poison inside me?
Toph: I don't know! Maybe so you have an excuse not to go back to being the Avatar. If you don't get better, you can't do your job, so you don't have to worry about getting hurt again!
Korra: Wha‒ That's ridiculous!
Toph: Whatever. When you want it out, you can bend it out. I can't deal with all your issues for you.
Korra: Wait! What am I supposed to do now?
Toph: How should I know? Ask the spirit that brought you here. The good news is, if you're looking for a place to hang where no one will bother you, you picked the best swamp in the world!
</scene>

<scene>
Korra lets her head hang. Cut to Air Temple Island.
Tenzin: This ... is a mission of the utmost importance. Conflict is coming to the Earth Kingdom and we need to find the Avatar.  Can I count on you three to bring Korra home?
Meelo: You can count on one of us. I don't know about these two ladies. 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Kuvira's train, where Zhu Li puts a part of the spirit vine, wired to electrical connections and suspended in a glass tube, into a machine of sorts as Kuvira and Varrick watch from overhead.
Kuvira: From now on, developing this technology is your number one priority.
Varrick: This is going to change everything!.
End credits.
Main Bolin Korra Mako Suyin Beifong Tenzin Toph Beifong Wu Antagonists Baatar Jr. Kuvira Varrick: Minor Asami Sato Cam Desna and Eska Gun Ikki Izumi Jinora Lin Beifong Meelo Raiko Tonraq Zhu Li Zuko<scene>
Shiro Shinobi:  Tensions between the Northern and Southern Water Tribes have reached a breaking point. After Chief Unalaq's troops took over the South, Varrick incited an uprising. But Korra stopped the rebels from abducting her uncle. Enraged by the insurrection, Unalaq arrested the rebels and Korra's parents, accusing them of conspiring to assassinate him. Will Korra be able to save her parents and prevent civil war?
In the Southern Water Tribe, outside of Tonraq and Senna's house, Korra's parents are being loaded into a prison truck. Korra and her parents exchange worried gazes.
Korra:  You're making a mistake. 
Unalaq: I wish it hadn't come to this. But your parents held meeting with the rebels, right here in their home.
Korra:  I can't believe you're doing this to your own family.
Unalaq: Rest assured, I've appointed Judge Hotah to oversee the trial. He is the most fair and honorable man I know.
Korra: Uncle, my parents had nothing to do with the men who attacked you.
Unalaq: I'm sure you're right. So we should have nothing to worry about.
Korra:  I hope so.
</scene>

<scene>
The scenes cuts to inside of Varrick's mansion, where Asami, Mako, and Bolin are waiting.
Asami: Where's Varrick? We should've closed our deal an hour ago.
Bolin:  Would you relax? This place is great.  And the best part about it,  Eska doesn't know I'm here. 
Eska, Desna, and several Northern Water Tribe soldiers enter the room.
Bolin:  Ee-yah.  I wasn't hiding. Hey, hey-hey, hey.
Eska: I'm not on the hunt for you.  Currently.
Desna: We search for Varrick. Our father wishes him to stand trial.
Asami: What did he do?
Eska: He is a traitor to the Water Tribe, along with our aunt and uncle.
Asami: What?
Mako: Korra's parents were arrested?
Desna: Yes. Your powers of deduction are impressive.
Bolin:  Yeah, he's a cop.
Northern guardsman:  Varrick's not here.
Eska: Very well. Desna, let us continue our search elsewhere.  Boyfriend! Bow to me when I exit.
Bolin:  Yes, yes, my sweet koala otter.
Eska: You are so cute when you grovel.
Eska leaves, behind Desna and the soldiers.
Asami:  Don't let her treat you that way. Stand up for yourself.
Bolin: I tried to break up with her, but Mako gave me terrible advice. Thank you, Mako. 
Mako: Wait, how are your girl problems my fault?
Asami: Bolin, you need to be honest with her. Tell her how you really feel.
Varrick:  Honesty is for fools, kid. 
Bolin: Varrick?
Varrick:  If you want to ditch this girl, then make yourself scarce. Disappear, like I did.
Asami:  Where are you?
Varrick:  Somewhere Unalaq will never find me.  Inside Ping-Ping! How we doin'?
Mako: The coast is clear. You can come out.
Varrick: No way, mister. Not until I know it's absolutely 157% safe.  Ah! Thank you, Zhu Li.
Asami: Your assistant's in there too?
Varrick:  Zhu Li never leaves my side.  Yuck! Pyugh! Pyuck! You forgot the honey! 
Zhu Li:  Sorry, sir. There isn't any in here. 
Varrick: No honey? We're in a bear for crying out loud!
Mako:  I'm gonna go see how Korra's doing. 
Varrick: Bolin, I got a little something for you 'round back. 
Bolin:  Wow!
Varrick: Now listen up. Unalaq's rigged this trial, no doubt about it. So I need you to make sure my trusty rebels stay out of prison.
Bolin:  What's the money for?
Varrick:  Bribery, of course! There's always someone willing to look the other way for a few yuans.
Bolin: I think I catch your drift, Varrick-bear.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the Southern Air Temple, where Tenzin continues his search.
Tenzin: Ikki! Ikki, where are you? Shoo!  Go bother someone else. You two are worse than Kya and Bumi.
Ikki: Okay, everybody here?
Tenzin: Ikki! Oh, thank goodness.
Ikki:  Juniper Lightning bug, paws off the table!  This is going to be a civilized breakfast. Daddy always says a blessing before we eat, so ...  be quiet and listen up!  We are thankful for this super yummy food and for being the best-est new friends in the world.  But we are most thankful because Meelo and Jinora aren't here,  because they stink.  Oh! Hi, Daddy. I guess you found me. Do I have to go now?
Tenzin: Actually, is there room for one more?
Ikki: Uh, sure. You can sit next to Blueberry Spicehead.
Tenzin:  Nice to meet you, Blueberry Spicehead.
Ikki: And that's Princess Rainbow, and that's Twinkle Starchild, and that's Juniper Lightning Bug. They're my new brothers and sisters.
Tenzin: New ones, huh? Can they be my new brothers and sisters too?
Ikki: Maybe, but only if they say it's okay.  Uh-huh, uh-huh. No, no, he's nice. They say it's okay.
</scene>

<scene>
The camera pulls back from a wide shot of the tea party. Cut to the Southern Water Tribe palace, followed by the interior of the courtroom. Cut to the rebels and Korra's parents, who will stand trial, before switching to a worried Korra and Mako. Bolin sits next to Asami.
Bolin: We're good to go. I gave all the money to some guys over there. I told them to "take care of it", and then I winked.  Pretty sure they got the message.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to two shady-looking characters, who count the money with a smile and smile back at Bolin with thumbs up. Bolin returns the gesture while the gavel is hammered, and Asami facepalms.
Law clerk: This trial will now come to order! Judge Hotah presiding. 
Bolin:  Man! I should have paid him!
Asami:  Yeah, you think? 
Unalaq: I was asleep in my chambers when the rebels attacked. They overpowered me, and the next thing I remember was waking up in the snow after Avatar Korra had saved me.
Hotah: According to Unalaq's testimony, you attended a meeting where Varrick tried to incite a civil war. Is that true?
Korra: Yes.
Hotah: And where these men present at that meeting?
Korra: Well, yes, but -
Hotah: And where exactly did this meeting take place?
Bolin: Objection!
Hotah: Quiet down out there! I'll ask you one more time. Where did the meeting happen?
Korra: My parents' house.
Hotah: And who led this meeting?
Bolin: Your honor, if I may?
Hotah: May what?
Bolin: May I ... declare a mistrial?
Hotah:  Sit down!  Varrick and your father led the meeting, didn't they?
Korra:  My parents are innocent!
Hotah: I've heard all I need to. I'll return shortly with my decision.
</scene>

<scene>
Judge Hotah leaves. Korra spouts a worried expression. Cut to a room where Eska is standing and Bolin enters.
Bolin: Hey there, Eska, I was wondering if we could talk.
Eska: I grant you permission to speak freely.
Bolin:  Oh, good, because I just need to be honest with you. You know, when we first met, there was this crazy spark. But I'm starting to feel like that spark is fading.
Eska: I agree. It is as if a great chasm has formed between us and nothing can bridge it.
Bolin:  Oh! Oh, yes! I'm so glad you understand!
Eska: Nothing, that is, except marriage.  We will wed at sunset. You may express your joy through tears.
Bolin:  Oh, no, I can't -  This is really tight.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut back to the courtroom. All the defendants are now standing before Judge Hotah.
Hotah: Senna, please step forward.  I have found you ... innocent. You are free to go.
Senna:  Korra!
Hotah: On the charge of treason, you are all found ... guilty. The punishment for this crime ... is death.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a shocked Mako and Asami, who stand up. Cut to Korra and Senna, who look on with utter shock and disbelief. Cut to Tonraq, who closes his eyes and bows. Cut back to the courtroom, where Hotah leaves.
Korra: You can't do this!  You take their lives, and I'll take yours! 
Unalaq: Korra, calm down. I'll talk to him.  I know I promised to respect whatever decision you made, but I must ask you to reconsider. Show these men and my brother mercy.
Hotah: Very well. I'll change their punishment. Your lives will be spared, but you will live them out in prison. 
Korra: Thank you, Uncle.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the cave where Tenzin and Ikki are in. Ikki plays with the bison calves by bending a ball of air which they chase, while Tenzin is petting another calf.
Tenzin: You like that, don't you, Blueberry Spicehead?  Yes, you do.  You know, I could get used to it here. No one's yelling at me or telling me I'm delusional.
Ikki: We should have Uncle Bumi and Aunt Kya come visit. I bet they'd like it too.
Tenzin: Let's not. They'll only spoil our good mood.
Ikki: What do you mean? Aunt Kya is super nice and pretty and always asks me how I'm feeling, and Uncle Bumi is, like, the funniest person in the world.
Tenzin: But what about Meelo? He's hilarious too, you never know what's going to come out of his mouth. And Jinora can be so sweet and gentle.
Ikki:  And mean. And bossy.  Being part of a family is hard, huh, Daddy?
Tenzin: I couldn't agree with you more.
The calf which Tenzin is petting awakens and flies out of the cave with its siblings, where they reunite with their parents.
Ikki: But, I guess the nice part about a family is they'll always be there for you. Even though  Twinkle Starchild and Princess Rainbow fight, they still love each other.
Tenzin: That's very wise of you, Ikki.
Ikki: We should probably head back, huh?
Tenzin: I suppose. We can't hide in this cave forever. 
Ikki: Don't worry, Daddy. We'll come back and visit Blueberry Spicehead. I know you really bonded with her.
Tenzin: Yes, I'd like that.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to an exterior of the prison, cut to Tonraq's cell which Korra and Senna enter.
Senna: Honey, are you all right?
Tonraq: I'm fine.
Korra:  Good, let's bust you out of here right now.
Tonraq: Korra, no. Saving me would start a war. If fighting were to break out, the North would crush the South. I'll be all right. Just promise me you won't do anything rash.
Korra: Fine. I promise.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the land where Korra and her parents' house is located. Cut to the interior, where Senna is standing before the sink, crying. Korra is watching her from a distance, before approaching her mother.
Korra:  It's okay, Mom.
Senna: I-I hate feeling so helpless. 
Korra:  I know. 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a cliff where a Satomobile is being driven. Cut to the interior, where Hotah is driving the car. He glances in his review mirror. A close-up of the mirror reveals Korra riding Naga behind his car, gaining on him fast. His eyes widen in surprise. A quick close-up of Hotah's foot shows him flooring the gas pedal. Korra and Naga, however, manage to catch up and knock the Satomobile, causing it to lose control and slamming to the side of the cliff. Naga knocks off the door, while Hotah looks in fear. Korra pulls him up and slams him against the side of the Satomobile.
Hotah:  What do you want?
Korra:  It's not about what I want. It's about what Naga wants.  And she'd like you to let my father out of prison.
Hotah: I-I'm sorry, but there is nothing I can do. I was just following Unalaq's orders.
Korra:  What are you talking about?
Hotah: I-I've said too much.
Korra:  Unless you wanna be Naga's afternoon snack, you'd better keep talking.
Hotah: I-I've worked for your uncle for years! He said he needed everyone to think the trial was fair.
Korra: So Unalaq told you what to say?
Hotah: Yes! Every word.
Korra: Then why did he have you free my mother and change your sentence?
Hotah: He's trying to keep you on his side. But he also wants your father out of the way. Just like when he got your father banished.
Korra:  What do you mean, "he got my father banished"?
Hotah: Nothing!
Korra:  Keep talking.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the Air Temple Sanctuary, where Bumi is looking at a statue of his father, Avatar Aang.
Bumi: Uh ... Hey there, Dad. You're looking well.  Look, uh, I'm sorry I didn't turn out to be an airbender like you hoped. But I've tried my best to keep the world safe. Hope I made you proud.
Kya:  Of course he'd be proud of you, Bumi.
Bumi: Kya! I-I was just,  uh ... cleaning off Dad's statue.  It's so dusty in here.
Kya: Come here. 
Bumi:  Thanks, Kya. You always know when I need a hug.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Varrick's mansion.
Korra: Unalaq's a liar and a traitor!
Varrick: I've been trying to tell you that from the get-go.
Mako: What happened?
Korra: I found out the truth about my dad's banishment. Unalaq hired the barbarians to attack their tribe. Then he told them to hide in the spirit forest, knowing my dad would go after them.
Mako: Unalaq wanted your dad out of the way so he could become chief. It was a setup.
Korra: Just like the whole trial. I can't believe I trusted him. I'm busting my father and the rebels out of jail. I need your help.
Mako: If you do this, there's no going back.
Korra: I know. Will you help me or not?
Mako: Of course, I'll help.
Asami: Me too.
Varrick:  Count me in!
The door opens, revealing both Bolin and Pabu dressed up like Eska. Bolin's hair stands up awkwardly.
Mako: I don't even want to know.
Asami: So I'm guessing the breakup with Eska didn't go well?
Bolin:  No, no, the honesty thing worked out great. So great she decided we should  get married!
Asami: Sorry.
Korra:  I'm pretty sure the guy is supposed to give the girl the betrothal necklace.
Bolin: I guess Eska didn't get the memo.
Varrick: Look, the only way to deal with crazy women is to lie big and leave fast. Lucky for you, Varrick's got your back. Now, gather 'round Ping-Ping. Let's talk plan.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the prison. A guard is patrolling the interior, where an earthbending move causes him to fall into a trench. Sparks fly out of the trench as the guard is electrocuted. Cut to the trench, where the unconscious guard is lying, while Asami, Mako, and Korra climb up the trench.
Korra: My dad's in there.  Where is he?
Unalaq: I'm sorry, Korra. You'll never see your father again.
Korra: Where's my father?
Unalaq: On a ship headed to the Northern Tribe. He'll serve out his sentence there.
Korra: Bring him back. Or I'm taking you out and the rest of your army.
Unalaq: Remember who you are. As the Avatar, you cannot threaten war. You must remain neutral, or our tribes will never find unity.
Korra: You don't want unity. You want power. You've always been jealous of my father, haven't you? You got him banished so you could become chief, and I bet it just killed you to learn he was the Avatar's father. No wonder you kept trying to take me away from him.
Unalaq: All I've ever wanted is to help you realize your destiny.
Korra: Well, I don't want your help anymore.
Unalaq: If you start a war, the dark spirits will annihilate the South. And even I will be powerless to stop them.
Korra: I'm done being manipulated by you. You're going to bring my father back, then you and your troops will return to the North. 
Unalaq: And why would I do that?
Korra: Because you still need me to open the Northern portal.
Unalaq: No, I don't. You've served your purpose.
An enraged Korra throws three fire blasts at her uncle, which Unalaq neutralizes with waterbending. Unalaq throws an arc and a blast at Korra. Korra manages to stop the frozen arc, but is pushed off by the frozen blast. Mako assists Korra with a fire kick. Unalaq manages to dodge the kick and pushes Mako off with a water blast to the face. Unalaq throws another water blast at his niece, but she manages to catch the blast and pushes his against the wall with an air blast.
Mako: If we get to Varrick's boat, we can still save your father.
Korra: Let's go.
</scene>

<scene>
Team Avatar exits the prison, while Unalaq looks on. Cut to the Southern Tribe city, where Bolin is "guiding" Ping-Ping with a leash, while Pabu sits on the platypus bear. They are subsequently stopped by a solider. Cut to Varrick's point of view, as he opens Ping-Ping's mouth.
Northern soldier: You have a license for that animal?
Bolin:  Uh, you fellas seen a traveling circus come through here?
Varrick:  Zhu Li, do the thing.
Ping-Ping lifts its tail and yuans drop out from it.
Excited man: That platypus bear is pooping money!
The passers-by pick up the yuans, while Bolin and Ping-Ping rush into Varrick's yacht. Varrick, still in his disguise, starts operating the yacht. Korra, Mako and Asami enter the yacht.
Bolin: Where's your dad?
Korra: On a ship headed north. Think we can catch up to it?
Varrick: Sure, once you get us past our friends from the North.
</scene>

<scene>
The scene zooms out to reveal Northern battleships forming a naval blockage.
Korra: If only we had a plane to get me close to those ships. I could waterbend them out of the way.
Varrick: A plane? Well, why didn't you say so?
Varrick presses a button, causing a biplane to emerge from a hatch. The wings unfold.
Mako: Um, why do you have a plane on your boat?
Varrick: In case the boat sinks, of course.
Asami: But there's no runway. How are we supposed to take off?
Varrick: Zhu Li! Take a note: "Build runway".
Zhu Li: Yes, sir.
Korra: I have an idea.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the biplane, the engine of which starts stirring. Asami, in her pilot outfit, puts on her goggles, while Korra and Mako take up position on the plane's wings. Korra gives Asami a thumbs up and Asami starts operating the biplane, which starts moving forward.
Korra: Now!
</scene>

<scene>
Korra and Mako firebend to provide a boost for the biplane to take off successfully. Cut to the biplane and the yacht approaching the blockade. Cut to Korra, who enters the Avatar State and waterbends a gigantic wave, pushing the battleships out of the way, leaving a gap for the yacht to escape. Korra exits the state and smiles. Cut to the helmsman, who spots Varrick's yacht and notices Bolin hugging a platypus bear, which is operating the boat.
Helmsman: Captain, you'll never gonna believe this.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the biplane and the yacht successfully escaping the blockade. Cut to Korra on the biplane on a lookout in the vast sea. She notices a ship.
Korra: There! My dad's on that ship!
The biplane flies to the ship. As it approaches, the battleship crew members look up at the fast approaching biplane.
Korra: Jump!
</scene>

<scene>
Korra, Asami and Mako depart the biplane. The biplane continues its course before crashing on the sides of the battleship before exploding. Cut to the troops looking at the explosion. Cut to underwater, where Korra, Asami and Mako swim to the surface before entering the battleship via a waterspout. On landing, Korra uses her two water whips to throw the distracted crew members overboard. A stray crew member tries to escape to the door, but Korra freezes him against a wall.
Korra: Where are the prisoners?
</scene>

<scene>
The crew member looks off in fear. Cut to the side of the battleship, where Tonraq and the rebels are escaping.
Tonraq: Korra, this is crazy. You promised me you wouldn't do anything rash.
Korra,: I had to. I'll explain later.
</scene>

<scene>
Northern troops attack the rebels with waterbending, but Korra and Mako neutralize it with firebending. Varrick's yacht approaches and everyone jumps on board. Korra throws a final fire blast before the yacht departs. Cut to the Southern Air Temple, where Tenzin and Ikki return to the family.
Pema: Sweetie!  You're okay! Oh!  I was so worried!  Do you have something you wanna say to your sister?
Meelo: Ikki, I'm glad you're back.
Jinora: Yeah, sorry we made fun of you.
Ikki: Thanks. Wanna play airball?
Jinora: Sure!
Meelo: Yeah! 
Tenzin:  I wanted to apologize for how I acted yesterday. I've worked so hard to celebrate Dad's legacy that I may have overlooked the parts of him that were less than ideal.
Kya: And we're sorry for dumping our frustrations with Dad out on you.
Bumi: Yeah, you didn't deserve that.
Kya: I thought you two might wanna see this.  Mom gave it to me before we left.
Bumi: That is one good-looking family, huh?
Tenzin: That's one happy family. 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut back to Varrick's yacht, where Korra and the rebels are standing on the hatch.
Korra: So once I knew the truth, I couldn't sit by and do nothing.
Tonraq:  My own brother betrayed me. And our entire tribe.
Rebel leader: What's our next move?
Tonraq: I've been running from my past for too long. It's time to put my brother in his place.
Rebel leader: You have our support, Chief Tonraq. 
Korra:  Mine too. I'll be proud to fight alongside you, Dad.
Tonraq: No, Korra.
Korra:  But you said the South doesn't stand a change against Unalaq's forces. I can help. 
Tonraq: The best way for you to help is by getting the president of the United Republic on our side. The South can give Unalaq a good fight for a while. But we'll need the United Forces in order to win this war.
Korra:  All right, I'll get you all the help you need. I love you, Dad. 
Tonraq: I love you, too.
</scene>

<scene>
Tonraq and the rebels return to mainland via an ice raft. Tonraq looks on at the yacht. Cut to Team Avatar in the yacht.
Bolin: I really need to thank you, Korra.
Korra: For what? I started a civil war.
Bolin: Exactly! Now Eska and I are officially broken up.
Varrick: Oh, looks like we have company! And not the fun kind!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the horizon, where there is a gigantic wave.
Mako: What is that?
</scene>

<scene>
Bolin takes the telescope from Varrick to take a better look. He gasps before rubbing his eyes for a second look. Cuts to Bolin's view, where he sees an enraged Eska with smudged make-up rushing toward them with waterbending.
Bolin: That would be my darling Eska. Quick question: is this thing fast enough to get away from my crazy waterbending ex-girlfriend?
Varrick: Why do you think I built this boat?
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the yacht speeding away into the horizon.
Fade to credits.
Main Asami Sato Bolin Bumi Mako Ikki Korra Kya Tenzin Tonraq Varrick Antagonists Hotah Northern Water Tribe military Unalaq: Minor Eska Jinora Meelo Naga Pabu Pema Senna Southern Water Tribe rebels Zhu Li<scene>
Shiro Shinobi:  Avatar Korra has lost her memory! In order to restore it, she has connected with Wan, who would become the very first Avatar. Banished from his home, Wan survived for two years in the Spirit Wilds and learned to master fire. But then, Wan split the spirits of light and dark, Raava and Vaatu, unwittingly plunging the world toward annihilation. Will he be able to stop him?
A close-up of Korra's face, eyes closed, slowly zooms out. The head-shot fades to an aerial shot of her entire body and the pool of water she is lying in, while still zooming out, to the point where the underground pool is left and four members of the Bhanti overseeing Korra's recovery come into view.
Karu:  Should we pull her up?
Shaman:  No. She is connecting with her deepest Avatar memories.  She must confront her own past if she is to move forward.  We can only hope that she survives her ordeal.
The close-up stops at her closed eyes. They twitch, and suddenly open. When they do, the shot moves back to reveal Korra's entire body, surrounded by a purple light, signaling she is still in her dream world. Korra's spirit is looking wide-eyed at something before her.
Raava:  The human and spirit realms are headed toward annihilation.  And it's all your fault.  This is why humans have no place  interfering in the business of spirits.
Wan:  This world is home to all of us, and what happens here is everyone's business.
Raava:  Thanks to you, this world may cease to exist! I only hope I can track down Vaatu before it's too late.
Wan:  Let me help you.
Raava:  I don't want your help.  Don't interfere with me again, human!
</scene>

<scene>
Raava flies away, weaving herself through the sky. Cut to a side-shot of Wan and Mula as they turn to one another with wondering looks on their faces.
Wan: Let's get moving.
</scene>

<scene>
Far off shot of Wan and Mula standing in the clearing. They start to walk to the right. Cut to a shot of a trail leading through the woods. Mula walks into view with Wan perched on its back. They stop and look to their left as they hear a noise coming from the bushes. The camera pans right to follow their gaze, revealing a fruit tree, its branches shaking slightly. Cut to a frontal shot of a shrub as Mula emerges from it. Both the animal and Wan look toward the scene before them. Cut to a far frontal shot, revealing four monks who are busy harvesting the fruits from the tree. Two of the monks bring their left hand toward their chest, their fingers stretched, which creates a cloud underneath them. The camera pans up to follow the monks floating to the top branches of the tree, where another monk, on a cloud of his own, is already plucking the fruit. Close-up of a fruit that is being plucked by a monk, and zoom out to reveal that the monk wears similar clothing and tattoos to the later Air Nomads.
Wan:  Do you see that, Mula?  People. And they have some kind of wind power.  More humans!  I found you.  Wait! I'm friendly!
Wan gives chase, which nearly ends up killing him when Mula stops abruptly before a cliff, tossing him. He manages to grab an overhanging branch and pulls himself back up. As he emerges above the cliff again, he sees one of the nomads running up to him and use his airbending to fly toward a floating lion turtle.
Wan: The legends are true. Another lion turtle city. And it's flying.  I have got to get over there.  There. Okay, Mula. Wish me luck.  Oh, no--.  Wow.  Hi, how are you? I'm Wan.  Um, sorry to interrupt, but it's been a while since I've seen other humans.
Nomad: Where did you come from, stranger?
Wan:  Another lion turtle city far away. For the past two years I've been living among the spirits and exploring the wilds.
Nomad:  Remarkable. Come. Sit with us. We would love to hear of your travels.
A spirit sitting on the nomad's shoulder becomes dark and flies off much to the nomads' surprise and shock. Another dark spirit cuts through a wall of a nearby hut. People run out screaming. Next moment, there are dark spirits all over the village and Vaatu floats in the sky.
Wan: Vaatu.
Vaatu: So, we meet again, human.
Nomad: Why is the great spirit of the darkness here but not his other half? 
Wan: Uh, I'll explain later.  Leave these people in peace. They've done nothing to harm you. 
Raava:  Be gone.
Vaatu: How are you feeling since our split, Raava? I've never been better. When Harmonic Convergence comes, I will destroy you forever. 
Raava:  I told you not to interfere.
Wan: I had to do something. These people were in danger.
Nomad: Great spirit of light, we thank you for your help. But how did you become split from Vaatu? 
Raava: Ask him. 
Wan: It wasn't my fault. Vaatu tricked me into freeing him. I'd take it all back if I could.
Raava: It's too late for that. Now that Vaatu is free, he is turning other spirits dark. The more spirits he turns, the stronger he becomes.
Wan: He's getting bigger, and you're getting smaller.
Raava: As darkness grows, light fades. 
Wan: I'm sorry for endangering your village, but I promise to set things right.
Nomad:  How?
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Wan, along with Raava, Mula and a nomad, facing the air lion turtle.
Wan: Great lion turtle, I ask that you grant me the power of air so that I can defeat Vaatu before it's too late. 
Air lion turtle: You already carry the power of fire. No human has ever held two elements at the same time.
Wan: I'm not like other humans. I can learn to do it.
Air lion turtle: Hmm, perhaps. But to do so, Raava must hold the power for you until you master it.
Raava: Ancient one, why would I do that for a human? Especially one who's caused so much trouble?
Wan: Raava, please, I can't let the world fall into chaos because of my mistake. Neither of us can defeat Vaatu alone, but together we have a chance.
Raava: You may be right. Very well. I will help you to master the power of air.
Wan:  Thank you. And in return I will help you restore balance to the world.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Raava and Wan walking through deserted lands.
Wan: What's this harmonic thing Vaatu was talking about?
Raava: Harmonic Convergence. That is when Vaatu and I must battle for the fate of the world.
Wan: How long do we have until then?
Raava: About a year in your time.
Wan: Then we better start training.  All right, I'm ready to try air. How's this gonna work?
Raava: The only way for me to give you the other element is to pass through your body and combine our energies.
Wan: Great. So you've done this before.
Raava: No. This has never even been attempted. It is very dangerous.
Wan: That's what they said about living in the Spirit Wilds, and I survived that. I'm ready. Give me the air.  It feels completely different. If you and Vaatu have the same fight every ten thousand years, why hasn't one of you destroyed the other? 
Raava: He cannot destroy light any more than I can destroy darkness. One cannot exist without the other. Even if I defeat Vaatu in this encounter, darkness will grow inside me until he emerges again. The same will hold true if Vaatu defeats me.
Wan: That doesn't sound so bad. Even if Vaatu wins, you'll come back.
Raava: Yes, but you will probably not survive to see it. Vaatu will destroy the world as you know it. Darkness will cover the Earth for ten thousand years. 
Wan:  If I'm gonna help you battle Vaatu, then I should visit more lion turtles.  Why is there so much conflict between humans and spirits in the first place?
Raava:  This physical world is where humans come from. Spirits come from another realm. At the north and south poles, the two realms intersect. Over time, more and more spirits have drifted into this world.  Humans have been forced apart, settling on the lion turtles who protect them and losing touch with each other.
Wan:  Most people think they live in the only human city in the world.
Raava:  Most humans think only of themselves,  no matter how many others are around.
Wan: When you pass through me, I feel an incredible rush of power.  I feel like I'm changing. The more we practice, the stronger I become.  Smells like smoke.
Raava: Humans are nearby.
Wan: Let's check it out.
Raava and Wan see a group of humans burning down a forest for wood and approach the humans.
Settler: A spirit! 
Wan:  Easy there, fellas. We're friendly.
Jaya:  I can't believe it. Wan? 
Wan: Jaya!  What are you doing out here? 
Jaya:  You inspired us. Once we heard that you survived out in the wilds, we decided to try it too.
Wan:  Where's Yao?  Did he come with you?
Jaya:  Yes, but sadly he didn't make it.  We ... we lost a lot of good men along the way.  So why were you protecting this spirit?
Wan: This is Raava. Don't worry. She's not like the dark spirits you've probably run into.
Jaya:  Dark spirits? What's the difference? We throw fire at any spirit we see around here. Just like they attack any man.
Raava:  You have no idea what you're doing. You're only making things worse.
Settler:  The spirits are coming back! 
Jaya:  Let's wipe 'em out this time!  We'll burn down this whole forest if we have to!
Wan: What happened to you? When did you become so violent?
Jaya:  You showed me we could change the world if we just stopped being so afraid. Now we're doing it. 
Wan: This isn't what I had in mind.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to an aerial shot of a group of spirits and the firebending settlers approach each other; cut to a frontal shot of the settlers as they lit up their hands. cut to a close-up of the spirits, revealing that the aye-aye spirit is leading them.
Aye-aye spirit:  Get out of the forest, humans.
Wan:  Wait! We can resolve this peacefully.
Aye-aye spirit: Stinky?  You came back.
Wan: It's good to see you again.
Aye-aye spirit: You and Raava are just in time to help us clear these tree-killing fire-lovers out of here just like the old days.
Jaya: You are the one who's getting cleared out.
Wan: There's no need for violence. I know there must be a way to work out a compromise.
Aye-aye spirit: You have a good heart, Stinky. But these fire tossers aren't like you.
Jaya: Spirits like him killed our friends! I can't let them get away with that.
</scene>

<scene>
The rumbling of thunder is heard. Cut to a far off side-shot of the battlefield as clouds roll in overhead. A lightning bolt splits the sky, illuminating Vaatu's form in the sky. He laughs wickedly. Cut to a close-up of the angry-looking aye-aye spirit as he and the other spirits turn dark.
Dark aye-aye spirit:  We are protectors of the forest. We won't let you burn it down.
Raava: It's Vaatu. He's growing stronger, using their anger to turn them to his side.
Dark aye-aye spirit:  Wipe them out!
Man and spirit charge each other, though are kept apart by the efforts of Wan and Raava.
Wan: Stop, please!  Raava, we need to combine our energies. Maybe then we'll have enough power to stop this.  Enough!  You need to stop fighting now,  before you destroy each other!
Aye-aye spirit:  Stinky, w-what happened?
Jaya:  He's controlling all four elements.
Raava:  Wan, I have to leave your body, or I'll destroy you.
Wan: No. It's working. If you leave, the fighting will start again.
Wan groans under the strain Raava's presence is putting on his body until he cannot take it anymore, and he faints, falling down out of the sky.
Raava: Wan!
Raava leaves his body, catches him before he crashes on the ground, and carries him off the battlefield. As they leave, the two groups clash with one another, continuing the battle. Groaning, Wan awakens on a nearby cliff overlooking the burned down remains of the battlefield.
Wan: We have to go back.
Vaatu:  Don't bother. Your human friends have already been annihilated.
Wan:  No!
Vaatu: Enjoy your final days. See you at the end of the world!
Vaatu flies away, leaving Wan to search for Raava. He finds her severely shrunken behind a rock. He picks up the weak spirit that he can now easily take into his arms.
Wan: Raava ...
Raava: I'm sorry, Wan.
Wan slides Raava into a teapot, and jumps on Mula, setting course for the southern spirit portal.
Raava: We're almost there.  I was wrong about you, Wan. I had no idea that humans were capable of such nobility and courage. I'm sorry that we do not have much more time together.
Wan: Let's not give up before the battle's even begun. Who knows what will happen?  After all, this is my first Harmonic Convergence.
Raava: This is the southern portal to the Spirit World. Here, Vaatu and I will do battle once again, at the place where the two worlds meet.
</scene>

<scene>
Mula, Wan, and Raava pass through the portal. As they enter, the scenes around the portal fade into those of the Spirit World. They emerge in the Spirit World at a scene that is barren with the exception of a hollow tree, several streams, and two portals. Cut to a aerial view of the battlefield. Vaatu emerges from the northern portal.
Vaatu: Are you ready for our final battle, Raava? Thanks to our friend separating us, I think this time I may be rid of you once and for all.
Wan: Before you get to her, you'll have to go through me.
Vaatu:  No human can stand against me.
Wan: Haven't you heard the legends? I'm not a regular human anymore.
Wan firebends at Vaatu, who flies away to avoid the blasts. However, he turns back and knocks Wan away with one of his tentacles.
Vaatu: I lived ten thousand lifetimes before the first of your kind crawled out of the mud!
Fires a purple energy beam out of his face. Wan screams as he is knocked backward again.
Vaatu: It was I who broke through the divide that separated the plane of spirits from the material world!  To hate me is to give me breath. To fight me is to give me strength. Now prepare to face oblivion!
Vaatu fires a purple energy beam at Wan, who propels himself with his firebending to avoid it.
Wan:  Raava! The only way to win is together.  Ah!
Vaatu attacks with his whpping tentacles, which Wan evades by flying on a cloud. The two of them exchange blows, with Wan being more powerful and is making a decent stand against Vaatu. Vaatu still has the upper hand in the fight though, even though Wan is now capable of bending two elements simultaneously. Wan is forced back, his physical form starting to become static as his energy becomes unstable.
Raava: I have to leave you. If I stay any longer, you will die.
Wan: It doesn't matter. If you leave me now, Vaatu will destroy everything. We have to finish this together!
Wan and Vaatu exchange more blows, the former becoming more static while losing ground. Wan promptly charges at Vaatu, and although he manages to land a fire blast, he is shot backward toward the southern portal by a purple energy beam. He skids to a halt right before the portal, where Vaatu pins hims down using one of his tentacles.
Vaatu: The Harmonic Convergence is about to begin. The era of Raava is over.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a shot of outer space as the planets align, the two beams from the spirit portals bend over to connect with one another. Vaatu starts to glow purple as he watches the spectacle in the sky. While still static, Wan lights up briefly, showing Raava's form inside his chest. He puts his right hand behind him, causing the energy of the southern spirit portal during Harmonic Convergence to flow though him, basking him in blue light, as he permanently merges his spirit with Raava's. Vaatu notices and releases him in shock. Wan's form becomes less static and his eyes glow white. He cries out and white lights shoot out of his mouth and eyes, enveloping the area.
Vaatu moves away a safe distance before turning back. As the light subsides, Wan emerges and his energy has stabilized. Music intensifies.
Raava: We are bonded forever.
Wan, eyes still glowing, attacks Vaatu, hitting him consistently and pressuring him before trapping him in an air bubble, which he secures with rings of all four elements. He uses his bending to guide the bubble to the hollow of a tree in which he imprisons Vaatu behind a purple energy field.
Wan: This is your prison now. And I will close the portals so no human will ever be able to physically enter the Spirit World and release you.
Wan closes the northern portal. Back in the mortal world, spirits are lining up to return to the Spirit World through the southern portal.
Wan:  The spirits must stop fighting with humans and return to their home in the Spirit World. I will teach men to respect the spirits so that balance will be maintained.
Before the aye-aye spirit enters the spirit portal, he turns to Wan and bows respectfully, a gesture that is returned by the first Avatar.
Wan:  I will be the bridge between our two worlds. 
Fire lion turtle:  The world is entering a new age. Our time protecting mankind is over. We will no longer give humans the power of the elements.
Wan:  Different groups of people must learn to live together.  This is my mission: to use Raava's light spirit  to guide the world toward peace.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a burning battlefield. Rocks are elevated everywhere, red flags, arrows, and large earth coins lie scattered over the field. An old and armored Wan slumps against an earth coin, surrounded by arrows.
Old Wan:  I'm sorry, Raava. I failed to bring peace. Even with Vaatu locked away, darkness still surrounds humanity.  There wasn't enough time.
Raava: Don't worry. We will be together for all of your lifetimes. And we will never give up.
</scene>

<scene>
As Wan exhales for a last time, a golden light escapes his mouth. It dissipates into little golden specks and scatters. The scene fades to a white screen as the sound of a baby crying is heard. Fades to Korra's closed eyes that suddenly shoot open, glowing a bright white. Cut to a side-shot of her as she jolts up, little white beams shooting out of her eyes. She gasps for air, and the light in her eyes stop. Cut to the shaman and two Bhanti tribesmen looking down upon her from the mouth of the cave Korra is in. Side-shot of Korra.
Korra: I remember.
Shaman: Do you know who you are?
Korra:  My name is Korra. I'm the Avatar.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to outside the cave, where Korra and the shaman reach a grass clearing where bison are grazing.
Shaman: We've been raising this herd of air bison since the Hundred Year War. I never thought I'd be able to present one to the Avatar.
Korra: Thank you for all your kindness. I wonder how long I've been away.
Shaman: That I cannot say, but you do not have much time left. The Harmonic Convergence is only weeks away.
Korra: I have to close the spirit portal before that happens.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a shot of Korra atop a flying bison missing a part of its right horn, flying through the sky.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to credits.
Main Raava Wan Antagonists Dark spirits Vaatu: Minor Air lion turtle Aye-aye spirit Fire lion turtle Jaya Karu Korra Mula Nomads Shaman<scene>
Shiro Shinobi:  The Air Nation has its first recruit. Team Avatar's search for new airbenders in the Earth Kingdom led them to Kai, an orphan with a shady past. Meanwhile, Lord Zuko is hot on the trail of three escaped criminals who pose a great threat to the Avatar. Unaware of the danger to her, Korra continues her mission to find more airbenders. Next stop, the walled city of Ba Sing Se.
</scene>

<scene>
The scene opens to the Future Industries airship as it flies over the Earth Kingdom, with Oogi flying just above. Cut to the platform atop the airship, where Bumi and Kai are practicing their airbending, under the instruction of Jinora and watched by Asami, Naga, and Pabu.
Jinora: Light on your feet, Uncle Bumi. Remember, you want to be quick and evasive.
Bumi:  Don't worry about me, little lady. I've been in a scrap or two you know. Ha ha.  Oh, you're just a youngster, so I'm gonna go easy on ya.  Wouldn't want to hurt a kid ...
Kai slides to the floor, and fires an airbending blast at Bumi's legs, knocking him to the ground.
Bumi:  Oh.
Jinora: Uncle Bumi, you've got to work on your stance changes.  Kai, that was just, really good.
Kai:  Thanks Jinora, you're a great teacher.
Jinora stares at Kai for a second, before turning away, blushing. She helps her uncle away, but he brushes her off, before patting his body, looking for something.
Bumi:  Hmm, did I drop my wallet?
Jinora, looking behind Bumi, begins to chuckle as Kai strolls casually past them, fanning himself with Bumi's wallet. Bumi turns to look at the young boy.
Bumi:  Give me that, you little thief!
Shot pulls back to reveal Tenzin and Korra complacently watching the group on the platform below.
Korra:  It's so exciting to be on a diplomatic mission to Ba Sing Se. What's the Earth Queen like?
Tenzin: I've never met her, but I've heard she can be quite ... demanding.
Bolin runs to accompany Korra and Tenzin, swinging his legs under the railings in excitement.
Bolin:  This is it, Mako! We made it! This is where Dad grew up! Come here! Look, look!
Mako:  Okay, calm down, I'm looking.
The shot pulls back to show the airship approaching the Outer Wall of Ba Sing Se.
Korra: I wonder how many airbenders are down there.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut back to the airship approaching the wall. As it gets closer, the sun shines brightly over the top, before revealing the expansive city beyond. The airship finally manages to pass over the wall before the scene cuts to within the Lower Ring as a peasant sleeps against a building while the airship flies above. Cut to an overhead shot of the ring, smoke billowing from several buildings. Cut back to the airship, as Mako, Bolin, and Korra recoil from the smell, the two brothers holding their noses.
Korra: Uhh, the Lower Ring looks terrible.
Bolin:  Yeah, I can smell it from here. No wonder Dad left.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a side shot, as the airship continues to fly over the ring, before making it over the Inner Wall and into the Middle Ring.
Bolin:  Hello, Middle Ring!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to another overhead shot of the airship, as it continues over the Middle Ring, before finally making it to the Royal Palace. Cut to Kai and Jinora, looking down in excitement.
Kai: Wow. Now this is more like it.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the Royal Palace, as the airship begins its descent, landing with a slight cloud of dust. Cut to the ramp as the party exits the airship, welcomed by a well-dressed Earth Kingdom man.
Gun:  Avatar Korra, Master Tenzin, it is a pleasure to welcome you and your party to the Upper Ring of Ba Sing Se. I'm Grand Secretariat Gun.
Korra:  Thank you.
Bolin: Aah, it's got that Upper Ring smell.
Gun:  Oh no, the queen hates animals.  You'll have to get them out of sight.
Bolin:  Well, I can just stash Pabu in my shirt,  these two are going to be a little tougher.
Gun:  Come with me, hurry, I'll take you to your quarters.
</scene>

<scene>
Scene cuts to a pond, as the party walks over a bridge spanning the water.
Gun: Now, when you meet the queen make sure you bow low enough, that's very important, and don't look her in the eye, she can't stand that. If any food is served, don't eat before she eats. Well actually, I have to taste her food first, then she eats, then you can eat. Better yet, just don't eat.
Korra: Seems like an awful lot of rules.
Gun:  Oh, you have no idea. And I'm the one who gets in trouble when people don't follow them, so please, please for my sake try not to upset Her Majesty.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Kai, who watches in interest as an Earth Kingdom citizen walks past, festooned with various items of jewelry. With a sly look on his face, he sidles away from the group to go after them. Cut to the party's temporary house.
Gun:  Here we are.
Bolin:  Ooh, very swanky.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the inside of the house, as the members of the group walk off to inspect the various rooms.
Gun: Now, go in and make yourselves comfortable,  and keep those animals out of sight in the backyard.
Bolin and Pabu walk off in a huff. Gun begins to exit the house, and Korra follows him.
Gun: Avatar Korra, if you'll follow me. We don't want to keep Her Majesty waiting.
</scene>

<scene>
The scene changes to an overhead shot of the Earth Kingdom Royal Palace, before cutting to a side courtyard, where the Earth Queen is supervising an extensive renovation project.
Gun: Your Majesty, may I present Avatar Korra.
Korra bows, but the queen, who has her back to them, does not pay them any attention.
Hou-Ting:  You're ruining the koi pond! It's completely overshadowed by the topiaries! Guards, take that buffoon away and get me someone who knows what they're doing!
Two Dai Li agents grab the offending worker, and escort him away.
Hou-Ting:  You, rip everything out and start over!
The young lady earthbends the ground beneath the topiaries and turns it over, leaving fresh ground in its place.
Hou-Ting: I am surrounded by idiots.  So, I finally get a visit from the Avatar. Let me guess, you want something.
Korra: Well, actually Your Majesty, I was hoping you could ...
Hou-Ting:  I hardly think you're in a position to ask me for favors after everything the last Avatar did to the Earth Kingdom.  He and Fire Lord Zuko took advantage of my father's weakness and stole our lands to make their own little empire.  The United Republic is Earth Kingdom territory!
Korra:  Well, I uh, I'm not sure what I can do about that.
Hou-Ting: Not that you care, but what's left of my kingdom is falling to ruin. Roving bands of barbarians are raiding villages in the countryside. And now, some of my subjects are refusing to pay their taxes. 
Korra: I'm very sorry for your troubles, but actually ...
Hou-Ting:  That topiary is supposed to be an eel swan  not a turtle duck!
</scene>

<scene>
The scene cuts back to Team Avatar's new house, with Mako, Asami, Jinora, and Tenzin congregated around a table.
Jinora: Hey, has anyone seen Kai?
Tenzin:  Kai?
Bolin:  Kai, little bro.
Bumi:  He's not over here.
Asami: I don't think I've seen him since we landed.
Mako: I knew that kid was no good. He was just waiting for an opportunity to run away again.
Jinora: We have to find him.
Mako: What's the point? He obviously doesn't care about us.
Bolin: But he's my new little brother. He's probably lost, and scared.
Tenzin: He is just a little boy, and he's our responsibility. Besides, he's the only airbender we've recruited so far, we can't lose him.
Mako: Fine. Bolin and I will find him.
</scene>

<scene>
The scene cuts back to the Earth Queen, who is still shouting orders at her workers.
Hou-Ting: No, to your left! Your other left!  Do you have these problems with your servants?
Korra: I don't really have servants. But, Your Majesty, the reason for our visit is that we're trying to gather all of the new airbenders who are popping up in the Earth Kingdom, and we'd like your help finding the ones in Ba Sing Se.
Hou-Ting:  Airbenders in Ba Sing Se. Where did you hear that?
Korra: Before we left Republic City we got some reports.
Hou-Ting: Hmm. Well, before I even consider helping you, I'll need you to do something for me.
Korra: Oh, of course. What is it?
Hou-Ting: I have a vault full of tax money sitting in a town south of here. Barbarians have stolen my past two shipments. Go collect my money and bring it back here.
Korra:  Yes, Your Majesty.
The Earth Queen indicates to Korra and Gun that they should leave, and the latter hurriedly tries to walk the Avatar out. However, she pushes him away, causing him to fall to the ground.
</scene>

<scene>
The scene shifts to Bolin and Mako, looking for Kai near a bridge.
Bolin: Kai, did you go fishing? You under the bridge?
Kai airbends at an Upper Ring man; his robes go up for a few seconds before coming back down. His hat also drops. Kai picks up his hat.
Kai: Here, sir, let me help you.
Upper-class man: Oh, thank you, young man. What a strange sudden breeze. 
Kai: Yeah, that was really weird.
Upper-class man: Thanks for your help. 
Mako: Kai!  Get back here! 
Bolin: Kai, it's us. Mako and Bolin, your new family. 
</scene>

<scene>
The scene shifts to the street with a rickshaw. Kai turns into a corner, so does Mako. Kai slides underneath a rickshaw, but Mako jumps to the side of the wall and over the rickshaw. Kai does a barrel roll to evade Mako and runs off down an alleyway.
Bolin: Excuse me, coming through  Pardon me.  Carry on. 
</scene>

<scene>
The scene shifts to a monorail station in Ba Sing Se. Kai runs up the stairs to get away from Mako. Kai gets into one part of the monorail while Mako gets into another. As Kai brisked across the monorail, he bumps into Mako and hesitates.
Mako: What are you doing running around robbing people?
Kai: I was just practicing my airbending. 
Mako: Yeah right. Let's go.  You're in big trouble.
Kai slides out of his top only to leave it in Mako's hand and airbends the two brothers to the other side of the train. Everyone sitting in the monorail looks stunned. Kai runs out of the monorail. Mako and Bolin run to get off but the door closes.
Mako: Hey! 
Kai smiles and waves at Mako and Bolin as the train leaves the station.
Mako:  Your little brother, huh?
Bolin: Yeah ... just a lovable little scamp, isn't he?
Mako:  Reminds me of my little brother.
Train conductor: Designated express line to the lower ring. Next up, Poh Kong Station.
</scene>

<scene>
Scene shifts to monorail exiting the Upper Ring wall. Train track sounds created by monorail. Camera shows the side appearance of monorail going through the Upper Ring wall. The monorail arrives at Poh Kong Station, making a hard brake. After the monorail stops, everyone pushed Mako and Bolin out of the monorail.
Mako: All right. Let's see if we can catch a train back to the Upper Ring.
</scene>

<scene>
Scene shifts to a woman showing her ticket to the ticket master. The ticket master lets her through. However, Mako and Bolin tries to barge through, but end up getting blocked.
Ticket master: Passports and tickets.
Bolin: We can pay, hold on.  Where's my money?  No, Kai wouldn't--  Aww, man. 
Ticket master: Step aside, beat it you two,  before things get ugly.
</scene>

<scene>
Mako stares to the other side, looking at two Dai Li agents. Both of them stare back. Mako stares back at the ticket master and turns around. The next scene shifts to Mako and Bolin walking outside Poh Kong station, at the same time, a train leaves Poh Kong station. The scene shifts to a messed up lower ring street.
Bolin:  The bad news  is we're stuck here. The good news is  we can go the bathroom wherever we want.
</scene>

<scene>
Mako glares at Bolin with a blank stare and Bolin releases his hold on Mako, looking a little dejected. The scene changes to Future Industries airship leaving the Earth Kingdom Royal Palace. The screen shows Asami piloting the airship.
Asami: Are you sure we shouldn't have brought more people to collect the tax money?
Korra: There are royal guards waiting at the vault.  I doubt anything will happen. I think Her Majesty likes ordering me around.
</scene>

<scene>
Scene shifts to a Lower Ring street, showing an ostrich horse going past an alley way, where Mako and Bolin sleeping. Bolin is covered in newspaper and Mako is sleeping next to the trash.
Bolin: Ohh man, aww I slipped a disc sleeping here. It's been awhile since we spent the night in a trash pile. It's about how I remembered.
Mako: I bet everyone's freaking out that we've been gone all night. 
Bolin: I'm worried about Kai; he's just a little kid out there on his own. He's probably really scared.
</scene>

<scene>
Scene shifts to Kai in bed, ringing a bell. Waiter comes through a door with Kai's breakfast.
Waiter: Your breakfast, Master Fong.
Kai:  Keep the change.  I love Ba Sing Se.
</scene>

<scene>
Kai reclines and gets back into bed, relaxed. Scene changes to an overhead view of a neighborhood of Lower Ring houses and zooms in to show a hungry Bolin and Mako walking along the street. Cut to Mako and Bolin walking along the street as the latter holds his stomach.
Bolin: Fwoo, I'm getting really hungry.  Haah, we might have to hustle up a little breakfast with the old,  fruit stand scam. Come on.  You remember how it goes,  I push you into the stand,  you scream.  I pretend to faint.
Mako: I don't want any part of it. Besides, look at this fruit,  it's disgusting. We don't want to steal this.
Tu:  Hey,  you trying to steal my fruit?
Mako: No, I just said I don't want any of this rotten fruit.
Tu:  Oh, you're too good for my fruit?  This is the best fruit on the block.
Mako: So you want me to steal it?
Tu:  Just try me, buddy.  Go ahead.
Bolin: I'm confused. Are we stealing the fruit or not?
Tu: I knew it.  Thieves! 
Chow: What's going on here?
Tu:  Dad, these fruit thieves are insulting our fruit.
Chow:  Bolin? Mako?
Mako: How do you know our names?
Bolin: Yeah, I mean I'm famous so I get that, but how do you know his name?
Chow: You look just like San.  Tu, you'll never believe who these guys are. They're your cousins! My brother San's kids. 
</scene>

<scene>
Scene shifts to Zuko's dragon entering the Northern Water Tribe along with Zuko and Tonraq, riding on its back. Zuko's dragon roars. Zuko and Tonraq walks into Desna and Eska's throne room with the twins slouching on their thrones.
Desna: Lord Zuko, Uncle, this is a surprise.
Eska: Finally something exciting happens. Ruling the tribe is so tedious.
Zuko: Then you should enjoy this. We need to check on a secret ice prison in the western tundra.
</scene>

<scene>
Desna and Eska, who are standing up now, pull a smile. Scene shifts to some buildings in the Lower Ring of Ba Sing Se.
Chow: Your father sent us a letter years ago with your names, but that was the last we heard from him. Then we saw your pictures in the sports magazine with your bending team, and Bolin, we love those Nuktuk movers. They're hilarious!
Bolin: Yeah, they're not really comedies, but uh ...
Tu: Yeah, I could probably be a pro-bender or an actor or something if I lived in a mansion in Republic City like you guys. You don't know what it's like on the streets. You got to be tough. 
Bolin: Oh, Mako and I grew up on the streets. We were homeless, then we were kinda in a gang, then we lived in a gym ... 
Chow: Hey everybody! Look who's here, San's kids: Mako and Bolin. 
Male family member: No way.
Female family member: Come in.
Male family member #2: Welcome.
Yin: Is it true? After all these years?
Chow: Boys, this is your grandmother, Yin.
Yin: Aw, it is so wonderful to meet my long lost grandchildren  Where is San and your mother?
Bolin: Wait, you mean you don't know?
Mako: I'm sorry, they were killed when we were little. 
</scene>

<scene>
Scene shifts to a village in the desert with the Future Industries Airship. Korra and Asami approach a building where the tax money is stored. Korra looks around aimlessly. The villagers hide their faces away.
Korra: I don't like the looks of this. Let's hurry up and get out of here.
Royal Earth Kingdom guard opens the door.
Royal Earth Kingdom guard: You here to pick up the tax shipment?
Korra: Go ahead and load it on the airship.
</scene>

<scene>
Scene shows four Royal Earth Kingdom guards bringing the tax money into the airship. Suddenly, a red light appears in the sky. The Royal Earth Kingdom guards look up in surprise, so does Korra and Asami. Four motorcycles jump up a ramp, two motorcycles accompanied the truck to the airship. Royal Earth Kingdom guards run away in fear, dropping one sack of gold.
Asami: So much for our escorts.
Korra:  Maybe we should have brought everybody else.
Motorcyclists circle around Korra and Asami, holding spears, clubs, and various other weapons.
Barbarians: Woo hoo!
Gombo: Step away from the gold ladies and you won't get hurt.
Korra: Sorry to disappoint you, but we're taking this gold back to Ba Sing Se.
Gombo: Aww, we love gals with spirit, suit yourself.
Gombo attacks Korra, but she evades all attacks and earthbends him to her left. She subsequently earthbends two motorcyclists, throwing them up in the air. Other motorcyclists try to retreat but Korra earthbends all the motorcycles. One motorcycle charges toward Asami, but she charges back and takes them down. Another motorcyclist charged toward Asami, but Korra earthbends them away from her. Another motorcyclist picks up one of the sack of gold with his spear, but Korra airbends them off their motorcycle. Asami charges to one of the motorcycle. The motorcyclist attempts to attack her with his spear, however, she evades with the backflip and stunned both people on the motorcycle. Gombo gets back up and attacks Korra with several kicks, but Korra earthbends him again. The barbarian leader runs away from Korra.
Gombo: Retreat, retreat!  You're on the wrong side of this fight, Avatar. That gold belongs to the people, not the Queen.
Korra:  Why do I get the feeling he's right?
</scene>

<scene>
Scene shifts to the Northern Water Tribe secret prison in the Western Tundra. Prison doors are opened by the members of the Order of the White Lotus. A strong blizzard rages on outside.
Eska: Why didn't anyone tell us we have a secret prison we could have been throwing people in?
Desna: I'd like to put my tailor in here. He never gets my cuffs right. They're so ... crease-y.
Lift comes up, fence gate opens as Zuko and the group walk toward it. The lift is going down to P'Li's prison cell.
Zuko: We built this place secretly with your father to hold a very special prisoner. She's a powerful firebender named P'Li who can create explosions with her mind. Ironically, I hired a guy with a similar ability to kill the Avatar myself once.  Didn't work.
Eska:  Don't feel bad. I tried to kill Korra  after she ruined my wedding. It happens.
Tonraq:  Let's just focus on keeping this woman in prison.
</scene>

<scene>
When the door of the lift opens, basking the foursome in light, Tonraq is the first to walk out. An overview shot reveals the foursome exiting the elevator and as the scene slowly pans up, a deep chasm comes into view with a prison, guarded by two White Lotus members, on the other side. Cut to another overview shot as the foursome stands at the front of an expandable metal bridge that is slowly being extended to the other side.
Zuko: The intense cold prevents her from firebending.
Desna:  There's certainly no way anyone's breaking out of here.
Zuko: That's what we thought about the other three prisons.
P'Li:  There must be something exciting going on . No one interesting has visited me in thirteen years.
Tonraq: Don't get used to it.
P'Li: He's out, isn't he? Mmm, I'm feeling warmer already .
</scene>

<scene>
Scene shifts back to Mako and Bolin's family's house. Everyone is grouped around the table with, eating.
Bolin: This is so great! We never had a family before. Now we've got one, two, five ... eleven ...  ... a big family! Yeah!
Mako: So why did Dad leave Ba Sing Se?
Chow: Oh, he always had big dreams. He couldn't wait to get out and see the world. Your grandfather thought it was ridiculous. He wanted San to stay home and work the fruit stand. But San was determined to leave, and they had a huge fight.  And that was the last time they ever spoke.  Oh, um ... sorry, Mom.
Yin:  Come with me. I have something to show you.
</scene>

<scene>
Scene cuts to outside of the building. Through the window Yin, Mako, and Bolin can be seen seated on a sofa.
Yin:  This is the only letter we ever got from San. It says he married a beautiful girl from the Fire Nation, and had two wonderful sons. He sent this picture of you all on his birthday. 
Bolin: Look, Mako! Dad's wearing your scarf!
Yin: I'm so sad that I never got to meet your mother,  but you have her eyes. I know from looking at you two that she must have been a wonderful bride for my boy. 
Mako:  I'm sure they would want you to have this.
</scene>

<scene>
Yin smiles and hugs Mako. Bolin joins in. Scene shifts to the Earth Kingdom Royal Palace with Korra, Gun, and Hou-Ting.
Gun: Your Majesty. The Avatar has returned with the tax payments.
Hou-Ting: Finally. Secure it in the vault.
Gun: It's being done as we speak.
Korra: So now, Your Majesty, if I could start meeting some of the airbenders here in the city.
Hou-Ting: The Dai Li thoroughly searched the city, but it seems your reports were incorrect. There are no airbenders in Ba Sing Se. So, you can gather your little band and be on your way tomorrow.
Korra: You make me do your dirty work extorting your own citizens for your stupid palaces and topiaries and then you just want to send me away? We're not going anywhere until we find some airbenders! We know there are some here!
Hou-Ting:  Get her out of my sight!
Korra and Gun start to walk away, but Korra turns back and points at the Earth Queen, inadvertently knocking Gun down.
Korra:  This isn't over! I'm going to find the airbenders!
</scene>

<scene>
Korra walks out. Scene shifts back to Mako and Bolin at their family's home.
Chow:  You know, San would've been so proud of you guys! Traveling the world with the Avatar? He would've loved that!
Mako: We actually need to get back to the Avatar in the Upper Ring. We're supposed to be helping her find airbenders in Ba Sing Se. 
Bolin:  What? What happened?
Chow: One of our neighbors started airbending about a week ago. A couple days later, two Dai Li agents come out of nowhere and snatch him up. No one's seen him since.
Tu: They say the Earth Queen's locking all the airbenders up somewhere, and using them for experiments.
Yin: Tu! Don't talk like that about Her Majesty!  Long may she reign.
Mako:  We have to get back to the Upper Ring and tell Korra. 
Bolin:  I hope Kai is okay.
</scene>

<scene>
Scene shifts to a street where a nobleman is walking, and a gush of air suddenly knocks his hat to the ground.
Kai:  Here, sir, let me help you.
</scene>

<scene>
Kai turns a corner and walks down a dark alley, holding a bag of gold, with a sly smile on his face. His eyes widen, as he sees a Dai Li agent standing at the end of the alley. Cut to shot of nervous-looking Kai with beads of sweat on his forehead, as he turn back around and sees another Dai Li agent blocking the path back. Runs to the right and out of view, as both Dai agents fire rock gloves to stop Kai from climbing over a door and escaping, trapping him.
Kai: Hey! What's going on?  I didn't do anything! I'm with the Avatar.
Screen fades to black before revealing a rocky surface onto which Kai, who is now wearing different attire, is thrown. He glares at the two agents who have thrown him in. One of them starts to speak, as a bunch of people are seen sitting around the prison.
Dai Li agent: Welcome to Her Majesty's army, First Airbending Regiment. From now on, you live to fight for the Earth Queen.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to show Kai's anxious, shocked face, the light on which gets darker as the prison door closes. Fade to credits.
Main Asami Sato Bolin Bumi Hou-Ting Jinora Kai Korra Mako Tenzin Yin Antagonists Dai Li Gombo's gang P'Li: Minor Chow Desna and Eska Gun Monorail conductor Oogi Naga Pabu Royal Palace servants San Tonraq Tu Upper-class men White Lotus sentries Zuko<scene>
Tarrlok:  Although the Hundred Year War has long passed, we are not living in a time of peace.  These revolutionaries who call themselves "Equalists" are not interested in equality at all. They just want to wage war against benders.  Chief Beifong was supposed to protect Republic City, but she was powerless to stop Amon's attack on the arena. She has failed us all. If we are to survive these dire times, our law enforcement needs new leadership.
The episode opens to an overhead shot of the Pro-bending Arena. The glass dome is broken in places and construction scaffolding is in place around it. Some cars are parked near the entrance, which is blocked off by a police barricade. The view shifts to show Korra, who rides up on Naga to the entrance, jumps off, and ducks under the yellow tape. In their apartment, Mako puts a red shirt into a box.
Mako: I still can't believe they're shutting this place down.
Bolin:  Yeah. We had some good memories here, didn't we?
Korra:  Guys! Great news. You don't have to go back on the streets. I talked to Tenzin and made all the arrangements. You can come live on Air Temple Island with me!
Mako: Oh, we'd love to, but ...
Bolin:  Asami already invited us to live in her dad's giant mansion!  From here on out, it's gonna be the lap of luxury for us.
Behind Korra, Asami enters holding Pabu.
Asami:  Oh hey, Korra, I was hoping you would stop by. 
Korra: I was just leaving.  So, I guess I'll see you guys around, some time.
Asami: Why not tomorrow? I'd love to have you come visit the estate.
Korra: I don't know. I have some ... Avatar stuff to do.
Bolin:  Come on, Korra.  We all deserve a little rest and relaxation after all this craziness. We could swim in Asami's pool.  It'll be fun!
Korra:  All right, Pabu.
Asami:  Great, we'll see you tomorrow.
</scene>

<scene>
Korra goes back down the stairs while Asami, Mako, and Bolin, who is still using Pabu as a puppet, wave goodbye. The scene cuts to a flock of lizard crows. A police truck driving by disrupts the flock and rides through a factory entrance. Metalbender cops break through the windows and rip open crates to find Equalist propaganda and electrical gloves.
Lin: Looks like our intel was good.
Saikhan: There's enough evidence here to bury Cabbage Corp for an eternity.
</scene>

<scene>
Lin looks away. The scene shifts to outside the Cabbage Corp building with a statue of the cabbage merchant in front, reporters shout questions to Lin.
Lau Gan-Lan:  This is an outrage! I'm innocent!
Saikhan:  Yeah, yeah. That's what they all say ...
Reporter: Is it true that Cabbage Corp is conspiring with the Equalists?
Lin: The evidence points in that direction, but the investigation is ongoing. For the time being, we have frozen Mr. Gan-Lan's assets and are closing Cabbage Corp.
Lau Gan-Lan:  No! Not my Cabbage Corp! 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to an outside shot of the police headquarters. The camera cuts to Korra's boots and pans down to her reflection on the floor.
Tahno:  Hey, Korra. 
Korra:  Tahno?
Tahno is seen with his hair a mess and bags under his eyes, still saddened over losing his bending to Amon. Korra sits down on the bench beside Tahno.
Korra: Listen, I know we're not exactly best friends, but I'm sorry Amon took your bending.
Tahno: I've been to the best healers in the city. Whatever Amon did to me, it's permanent.  You gotta get him for me.
Korra nods her head. Lin, Tenzin and Hiroshi Sato walk up to the bench.
Lin: Mr. Sato, if you remember anything else about what you saw during Amon's attack, be sure to let us know.
Hiroshi Sato: I'm happy to help any way I can. I want these Equalists to pay for what they've done. 
Tenzin:  We're ready for you now. 
Tahno:  See you around ...  "Ah"vatar. 
</scene>

<scene>
A big mansion is shown, camera zooms in. Pabu jumps off a large statue into a pool squealing. Cut to a wide shot of the pool: Bolin stands at the top of the statue, Asami sits on the side of the pool, and Mako stands in the pool right next to her.
Bolin: Earthbending bomb!
Bolin dives into the pool doing a belly flop, splashing Mako and Asami in the process. The butler escorts Korra to the pool as Bolin resurfaces.
Butler:  Avatar Korra ... has arrived.
Mako: Hey, Korra!
Asami:  Glad you made it!
Bolin:  Welcome to paradise! 
Korra:  Looks like you guys settled right in.
Mako:  Pretty much,  except someone forgot to ask her father if we could stay here.
Asami:  Yeah, but I smoothed it over with him. It's easier to ask for forgiveness than permission.
Bolin:  This is the greatest place in the world! Watch this, watch this.  Fetch me my towel, good sir.
Butler: Yes, Master ... Bolin. 
Bolin:  Master Bolin! Ha, I love this guy.  Now pat me dry.
Butler: As you wish. 
Bolin:  Don't forget Master Pabu.
Butler: Wouldn't dream of it, sir. 
Korra:  So, what do you have planned for us today? Let me guess, shopping, makeovers ...
Bolin:  Ooh, Ooh! I vote makeovers! 
Asami:  I had something a little more exciting in mind.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a race track and two Satomobiles racing are shown with a low angle shot. A high angle shot shows the whole circuit. Asami, Korra, Mako, and Bolin are sitting in the stands.
Asami: Pretty cool, huh?
Korra:  Way cooler than a makeover.
Asami: This is where Future Industries test-drives their Satomobiles. Ever been behind the wheel?
Korra: The only thing I know how to drive is a polar bear dog.
Asami: You want me to take you for a spin?
Korra:  Let's do it!
Two Satomobiles stand next to each other. Korra puts on goggles, she is sitting behind Asami. A man is sitting in the other car. The race starts as a man in blue waves a white flag in front of the cars. Asami falls behind first, but smiles and catches up fast as Mako and Bolin cheer from the sidelines. She overtakes the other mobile, her back wheel grazing the wall. The man tries to catch up, but his front wheel and Asami's back wheel touch and his car starts swaying. Asami wins the race, stops the car and both girls get off.
Korra:  That was amazing! I didn't think we'd make it.
Asami: Well, you can't be afraid to mix it up sometimes.
Korra: I gotta admit, I had you pegged wrong. I thought you were kind of ... prissy.  Eh-No offense!
Asami:  It's all right, people usually assume that I'm daddy's helpless little girl, but I can handle myself. I mean, I've been in self-defense classes since I was this high.  My dad made sure that I would always be able to protect myself.
Korra: Smart guy.
</scene>

<scene>
The scene changes to the mansion. Korra, Asami, Mako and Bolin enter through the door.
Bolin: Emergency, emergency coming through, beep beep! 
Korra:  Uh, is there another bathroom I can use?
Asami: We have a lady's powder room upstairs,  first door on your right. You can freshen up in there.
Korra: Thanks.
</scene>

<scene>
Cuts to Korra washing and drying her hands. She notices and picks up the powder sponge and looks at it intensely, before smashing it onto her face. A powder cloud covers her face and Korra starts choking. As she leaves the room, she hears a voice.
Hiroshi Sato: No, no! No, I assure you, everything is going exactly as planned.  Uh-um, yes ... luckily, the Cabbage Corp investigation has bought us enough time.  Trust me, by the end of the week ...  we'll be ready to strike! 
</scene>

<scene>
Cuts to the butler spraying perfume all over Bolin and Mako and Asami standing behind them. Korra runs past them.
Asami: You're leaving? But I-I thought ...
Korra:  Uh, sorry! I forgot, I'm supposed to airsit, I mean babybend, I-I mean babysit the airbender kids. See you later!
</scene>

<scene>
Scene changes to outside at nighttime where Korra talks to Tenzin and Lin.
Tenzin: So, you think Mr. Sato manufactured those gloves for the Equalists then framed Cabbage Corp?
Lin: That's a bold accusation, but what proof do you have?
Korra: Well, I don't exactly have proof, but I know what I heard. Sato's up to something.
Lin: He does have the means ... and he has a motive.
Tenzin: That's right.
Korra:  A motive? What is it?
Tenzin: Twelve years ago, the Agni Kai Triad robbed Sato's mansion. A firebender killed Sato's wife during the break in.
Korra:  That's terrible.
Tenzin: It was tragic. It's possible that he's been harboring anti-bending sentiment all this time.
Lin: Maybe we should look at Mr. Sato a little more closely.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the door of the Sato mansion, which the butler opens. Korra, Lin, and Tenzin enter. Tenzin and Lin walk upstairs and Korra walks behind them, passing Mako and Asami.
Mako:  What's going on? Why are they asking Hiroshi more questions?
Korra: I overheard him on the phone yesterday. Asami, I don't know how to tell you this, but I think your father might be involved with the Equalists.
Asami:  What? I don't believe this. 
Mako: You spied on Hiroshi?  What's your problem? 
Inside Hiroshi Sato's office, Lin and Tenzin stand in front of Hiroshi's desk.
Lin: Mr. Sato, we just have a few follow-up questions for you.
Asami:  My father is innocent. Just because we're not benders doesn't mean we support those awful Equalists. 
Hiroshi Sato: Equalists?  Is that what this is about? I can assure you I have nothing to do with those radicals.
Mako:  Yeah, you don't know what you're talking about, Korra.
Korra:  I overheard you on the phone. You said the Cabbage Corp investigation bought you time, and you're getting ready to strike. Explain that!
Hiroshi Sato:  This is all just a misunderstanding, resulting from the young Avatar's overactive imagination. My number one competitor was knocked out of the game. It's providing me an opportunity to strike the market with a new line of Satomobiles.  It's just business. Nothing nefarious. 
Tenzin:  In order to put all suspicions to rest, might we have a look into your factories and warehouses?
Hiroshi Sato:  If you feel it's necessary, you're welcome to search all of Future Industries.
</scene>

<scene>
Cuts to the Future Industries factory with a news reporter broadcasting.
News reporter:  Is it possible, presidents of Cabbage Corp and Future Industries both have Equalist ties, or did Hiroshi Sato frame his longtime rival, Lau Gan-Lan?  Or did Chief Beifong just plain arrest the wrong man?  So far the investigation has yielded no evidence to incriminate Sato. 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the outside of the factory as the metalbender cops are lifted into the police airship while Lin and Tenzin watch. Korra rides in on Naga, and jumps down to approach them.
Korra: I can't believe we didn't find anything.
Lin: It would appear Hiroshi is innocent.
Asami:  Okay, you did your search. Now you can all leave.
Lin:  Hmm.
Mako signals to Korra, and they move away to have a private conversation.
Mako: So, I hope you're convinced now.
Korra: No, I'm not! I don't care how cooperative Hiroshi is being, I know he's lying.
Mako:  Why are you doing this? Are you that jealous of me and Asami? 
Korra:  What?  Don't be ridiculous! That has nothing to do with it!
Mako:  If you don't drop this, consider our friendship over.
Korra: I'm sorry. Hiroshi is not the man you think he is.
Mako:  Hmph.
</scene>

<scene>
Mako walks away to Asami, one arm wrapping around her shoulder, and leaves as Korra sighs and turns away. A worker in the background slides the factory's door shut and turns to see Korra, the view changes to a close-up of his eyes. Cut to Lin and Tenzin standing near Korra, who strokes Naga as the worker approaches her. He places a note in Korra's hand as he walks past her. Korra, surprised, looks around to see who handed her the note, to no avail. She opens the note and reads it. Looking at it with surprise, she turns to Lin and Tenzin.
Korra:  I think you guys should hear this.  "If you want to find the truth, meet me under the north end of the Silk Road Bridge at midnight." 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the police airship over the bridge at nighttime as the camera moves down to see Korra, Lin and Tenzin walking to the north end.
Warehouse worker:  Psst.  Over here.  Listen, I joined the Equalists because I believed in what Amon said. I thought he could make life better for us nonbenders. But I didn't sign up for this ...  this war.
Lin:  What do you have on Hiroshi Sato?
Warehouse worker: He manufactured those gloves  for the Equalists.
Korra:  I knew it!
Warehouse worker:  And there are rumors he's working on something even bigger. Some new kind of weapon.
Tenzin:  We searched all of Future Industries and found nothing.
Warehouse worker: That's because he has a secret factory.
Korra:  Where?
Warehouse worker:  It's right underneath the Sato Mansion.
</scene>

<scene>
Korra, Lin and Tenzin gasp and look at him in shock. Cut to Korra, Lin and Tenzin on an airship.
Tenzin: Raiding the Sato Mansion is a risky move with Tarrlok breathing down your neck. If we're wrong ...
Lin: I know. I can kiss my job goodbye. But protecting Republic City is all I care about. We can't let Amon get his hands on this new weapon.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to see the airship over the Sato mansion and switch to the brothers with Asami sitting down in the living room; Bolin is eating from the bowl of fruit while Mako takes out a LP from the cover and shows it to Asami. The metalbender cops burst into the living room, causing Bolin to raise his arms in fear.
Asami:  What are you doing here?
Lin: We have a reason to believe that there's a factory hidden below the mansion.
Asami:  I think I would've noticed if there were a factory underneath my house. The lies you people come up with just to persecute my father.
Tenzin: Where is your father?
Asami: In his workshop, behind the house.
Changes to the outside of Hiroshi's workshop, metalbender cops guard the area as they all walk toward the place. The metalbender cops burst into the workshop to find no one in the room.
Asami:  Dad? Hello?
Officer:  Chief, the estate's been secured. No one has left the workshop since we arrived.
Lin: Perhaps we just couldn't see him leaving.
Lin walks into the middle of the room with her hands behind her back. She raises her leg and metalbends her left sole, removing it to expose her bare foot to perform her seismic sense.
Lin: There's a tunnel beneath the workshop running deep into the mountainside.
Asami:  What? There's no tunnel. 
Bolin:  Do you think your dad knows about this tunnel?
Asami:  I don't understand. There must be an explanation.
Korra:  Maybe you don't know everything about your father.  I'm sorry.
Lin:  Officers,  into the tunnel. Be cautious.  Uh-uh, you three stay up here.  Officer Song, keep an eye on them.
Song salutes her as Mako, Bolin and Asami look at the group. As they walk down, Korra turns her head and looks at the three in sadness as Mako turns his head away with guilt. The elevator takes the group down until it stops and they cautiously walk into a massive room that has posters of Amon hanging up. There are large robotic machines on the sides.
Lin: Not your average backyard workshop.
Korra:  And I'm guessing those are the new weapons. 
Tenzin: Hiroshi was lying all right, but where is he? 
Bolin: What was that?
Mako: We need to get down there and see what's going on.
Song:  Absolutely not. You're staying put until the chief comes back.
Mako:  All right, we'll stay put. But could we wait outside or something? It's so dusty in this workshop.
Song: No! We're waiting right here!
Mako: Okay, but don't blame me if I start sne-  if I start sn-sn-sneez- 
Song: What's your problem, bub?
Mako: I'm about to-  Sorry pal, we know you were just doing your job.
Bolin: Yeah, just stay put until the chief comes back. That's sounds very familiar doesn't it, why? Because you said it. 
Mako: Asami, you should stay here. We'll check it out.
Asami:  I have to find out the truth about my father.
Mako: I understand. That's why I'm going down, to find out for you. Please.
Asami:  All right.  Be careful.
Asami clasps her hands together tightly as she looks down with uncertainty. Meanwhile, down in the factory, Lin tries the bend the seemingly metal wall, but to no avail.
Hiroshi Sato:  I'm afraid you won't be able to metalbend that wall, Chief Beifong.  It's solid platinum.  My mecha tanks are platinum as well.  Not even your renowned mother could bend a metal so pure.
Korra:  Hiroshi, I knew you were a lying, no good Equalist! Come out here and-
Hiroshi Sato:  And do what, young Avatar? Face the wrath of your bending? No. I think I'll fight from inside here where my odds are a little more ... equal.
Lin: That source was a set-up! You lured us down here! 
Hiroshi Sato: Guilty as charged.
The battle begins when Hiroshi Sato shoots out a grappler to capture them. Lin, Korra and Tenzin evade it. Another mecha tank attacks the metalbender cops but they dodge, shooting out cables to wrap around its arms, holding it down. Two more metalbender cops run up and metalbend to hold off another mecha tank. Lin runs forward, dodging the grappler and earthbends herself up into the air. She metalbends daggers from her wrist armor, and lands onto the head of the mecha tank. She breaks the glass by stabbing the front, missing the Equalist inside who dodges. She keeps stabbing, making the machine move backward and fall over. While Lin attacks the mecha tank, Hiroshi Sato moves his own mecha tank forward as Korra firebends to no effect. Tenzin airbends Hiroshi Sato back and Korra as looks over her shoulder at the unexpected help. As he airbends, the metalbender cops have a difficult time holding the other mecha tanks down, their cable spools starting to spark and overheat with the effort. As they are pulled forward by the tank, they raise the earth with their bending in an attempt to find more foothold to withstand the pull. The mecha tanks wrap the cables around their arms and conduct electricity, electrocuting the officers until they lose consciousness and release their grip. Lin attempts to deliver another blow, but is grabbed from behind with a grappler, knocking her forward and against a metal support beam. She is subsequently flung across the room and lands hard on the ground, where she remains unconscious as well. Tenzin and Korra help each other as they use their airbending and firebending respectively to push Hiroshi Sato's mecha tank into the corner. Furious, Hiroshi Sato shoots a grappler in Korra's direction. Korra repeatedly back flips to avoid the attack. Having moved out of the path of the weapon, she earthbends a rock out of the ground and launches it at Hiroshi. At that moment, she is grabbed and shoved forward by another mecha tank's grappling hook, knocking her unconscious by slamming her against a large metal pipe.
Tenzin: Korra!
</scene>

<scene>
Tenzin uses his airbending to cushion Korra's fall, who grunts as she connects with the floor. Now alone, Tenzin is fighting off Hiroshi Sato and an Equalist using his airbending and an air wheel to evade their attacks. He jumps up, but Hiroshi Sato shoots bolas combined with an electric disk. Tenzin is ensnared with it and grunts in pain as he is electrocuted. He roughly lands on the ground, unconscious. Hiroshi Sato exits his mecha tank and climbs down. As Hiroshi lets his gaze travel over the warehouse, the scene changes between a close-up image of an unconscious Lin, Tenzin, and Korra, before changing back to a frontal shot of Hiroshi.
Hiroshi Sato: Well, I'd say that was a near flawless test run.  Load everyone into the transports and deliver them to Amon!
A hole is earthbent from the ground, and Bolin pops up from underneath along with Mako. They look around until they notice with horror the metalbenders being dragged into the trucks.
Bolin: Oh no.
Mako: Korra was right. We gotta do something, quick!
Bolin and Mako sneak around the factory, getting closer to Tenzin, Lin and Korra. Mako hoists Korra onto his back, while Bolin does the same with Tenzin after untying the bola wrapped around him. They are about to grab Lin to drag her away as well, but are spotted by Hiroshi Sato and the Lieutenant.
Hiroshi Sato: Not so fast, boys. 
Bolin:  Hello, Mr. Sato. Wow! What a really swell, scary factory you have here under your giant mansion.
Mako:  Sponsoring our team, supporting the Avatar. It was all just a big cover.
Hiroshi Sato: Yes, and the most difficult part was watching my daughter traipse around with a firebending street rat like you! 
Asami: Dad, stop!  Why?
Hiroshi Sato:  Sweetie, I wanted to keep you out of this as long as I could.  But now you know the truth, please, forgive me.  These people,  these benders. They took away your mother, the love of my life. They've ruined the world, but with Amon we can fix it and build a perfect world together. We can help people like us, everywhere!  Join me, Asami.
Asami looks at her father with uncertainty, but she hesitatingly steps toward him. She looks at the glove with fear, trembling as she reaches for it. The Fire Ferrets look at her in sadness as she grabs the glove off her father, slipping her hand into the glove.
Mako:  No ...
Asami:  I love you, Dad.
She electrocutes her father until he loses consciousness, revealing it was a ruse. The Lieutenant attacks her, but she uses self-defense techniques to easily defeat him with his own electrified kali stick. Mako and Korra are stunned at the fact that she took them down so easily by herself. Lin regains consciousness as the mecha tanks notice them.
Mako:  Let's get out of here!
</scene>

<scene>
They all run to the large hole Mako and Bolin came in. Right before the mecha tanks attempt to capture them, Bolin earthbends the hole shut. The scene changes to the police airship floating away from the Sato mansion. Asami looks down at her former home in dismay as the camera switches to Lin lying down with Tenzin at her side.
Lin:  My metalbenders are on their way to Amon, and it's all my fault. Tarrlok's right, I've failed as chief. First thing in the morning, I'm handing in my resignation.
Tenzin:  No! You can't give up like this!
Lin:  I'm not giving up. I'm gonna find my officers and take Amon down. But I'm gonna do it my way, outside the law. 
Mako:  I'm sorry I didn't believe you. But Asami's dad being an Equalist is not an easy thing to believe. Even now.
Korra: I know. I'm sorry this whole thing happened.
Mako: So ... does your offer to live in the Air Temple still stand?
Korra:  Of course it does. And Asami's welcome, too.
Mako:  Thank you so much.
Korra:  After everything she's been through, she's going to need you, Mako.
</scene>

<scene>
Mako nods his head and walks toward Asami to comfort her. Korra looks at them in sadness before turning away as the airship floats above the city. Cut to credits.
Main Asami Sato Bolin Korra Lin Beifong Mako Tenzin Antagonists Equalists Hiroshi Sato Lieutenant: Minor Butler Lau Gan-Lan Metalbender officer Naga Pabu Saikhan Song Tahno Tarrlok Warehouse worker<scene>
Shiro Shinobi:  Bolin's a hero. The mover's star stopped Varrick's kidnapping attempt on President Raiko, proving his brother's innocence. Mako and Korra were reunited, but Korra has no memory of their break-up. Meanwhile, Jinora's spirit is still trapped in the Spirit World, and Tonraq and his southern forces have been defeated. Now it's up to Team Avatar to stop Unalaq before Harmonic Convergence.
</scene>

<scene>
Shot of Varrick's battleship. Cut inside a cabin with Kya attempting to heal Jinora via waterbending. Cut to a panning shot up Jinora, who lies in a healing tub. Cut to Bumi playing a flute next to Oogi. Cut to an aerial view of the ship. Korra is practicing her bending, with Tenzin and Mako watching. Cut to a close frontal view of Korra, before switching to a side-view, and a close shot of the practice target. Cut to Mako as Bolin approaches.
Mako: What's up with the coat? And where did you get that pie?
Bolin: It's a Varrick ship, you never know what you're gonna find. There's a whole level filled with fun-house mirrors. Of course, there's also the catgator deck.  I miss that guy, he really knew how to make a long trip interesting. So, have you told Korra yet about how  you guys broke up, and you kinda started dating Asami while she was off getting attacked by dark spirits?
Mako:  Will you keep it down? I'm waiting for the right moment.
Bolin: Oh Mako, you know a wise man once told me that delivering bad news to a girlfriend was like ripping off a blood-sucking leech: you just have to do it fast and get it over with.
Mako: I hate it when you listen to me. Fine!
Tenzin:  Unalaq will be waiting for you. You'll need all of your Avatar power to stop him.
Korra:  I'm going to close the spirit portals, lock Vaatu in for another ten thousand years, and make Unalaq wish he'd never been born.
</scene>

<scene>
Korra uses her firebending to blast the head off the practice target. Cut to Mako's feet as the head lands in front of him. Cut to a frontal view of Mako looking worried. Side-view of Mako as Korra approaches.
Korra: Thanks Mako.
Mako: Uh ... Um ...
Korra:  Did you want something?
Mako: Uh no, no, nothing.
</scene>

<scene>
Bolin slides into view with a large smile on his face. Mako groans in response. Cut to the practice target, with Tenzin and Korra in the background.
Tenzin: As soon as we reach the Southern Water Tribe, we'll blast through the blockade at the main portal.  Then we can rendezvous with Tonraq and his troops, crash through the defenses around the portal, and enter the Spirit World.
Kya: Woah! Since when does my little brother wanna crash or blast through anything?
Tenzin:  I'll do whatever it takes to save my daughter.
Bumi:  We all want to save Jinora, but I think your plan might be a tad over-aggressive, seeing as there are only seven of us and one ship.
Tenzin: Really? And what do you suggest?
Bumi:  An attack like this calls for strategy. I remember when I was surrounded by pirates at the Hurricane Straits. We managed to capture them all, with just a feather, two eggs and a barrel of molasses.
Tenzin:  I don't want to hear any of your crazy stories now! This is serious!
</scene>

<scene>
Frontal view of Bumi who looks upset. Cut to aerial shot as Asami, Bolin, and Mako approach.
Bolin:  Are we almost there?
Asami: Almost, but ...  I just picked up a distress signal from the southern troops.  There's a problem.
</scene>

<scene>
Frontal view of the group looking shocked and worried. Cut to aerial view of White Lotus compound in the South Pole. Oogi flies into view as Korra enters the compound on Naga. Cut to inside the compound as Oogi lands and Korra's mother approaches. Cut to frontal view of Korra as she dismounts Naga.
Korra: Mom!
Senna:  I'm so happy you're here.
Korra: Where's Dad?
Senna: Unalaq wiped out the entire southern resistance, and captured your father.
Korra:  I'll get him back.
Tenzin:  Where is my mother?
Senna:  She's in the healing hut. So many injured.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the inside of the healing hut as the doors open revealing Kya, Bumi, Senna, Korra, and Tenzin holding Jinora. Panning shot of the inside of the healing hut showing the injured men and the female healers. Close-up of Katara, as she turns to see the others.
Katara:  What happened?
Tenzin: Her soul is trapped in the Spirit World.
Katara: Oh my goodness! How long has she been away?
Kya:  Almost a week. I've tried to keep her energy flowing, but I can feel her slipping away. You're the only one who can help her now, Mom.
</scene>

<scene>
Close-up shot of a worried-looking Katara. Cut to Jinora being placed in a healing tub by Tenzin. Frontal view of the group, as Katara begins attempting to heal Jinora.
Tenzin: How much longer can she survive like this?
Katara: I don't know, but she is very strong to have lasted this long.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to outside the healing hut.
Korra: I talked to the rebels. They said Unalaq's got the southern portal surrounded.  Harmonic Convergence is only a few hours away.
Tenzin:  Then we have to break through the enemy lines ourselves and get to the portal now.
Korra:  There's no use in talking any more. We know what our mission is.
Bolin: A suicide mission ...
Everyone pauses briefly and stares at Bolin.
Bumi:  You know, I was in a similar situation once. My platoon had crawled through the desert with no water for a week! But when we finally located the only oasis for a hundred miles,  it was surrounded by angry sandbenders. I realized our only chance to get to the water was to drop in from above.  So I fashioned together a catapult, and with the help of a few well-trained hog monkeys ...
Tenzin: Enough of your ridiculous lies! Can't you see that the fate of the world and Jinora's life depends on what we do here today?!
Close-up of Bumi looking upset.
Asami: Hold on, maybe Bumi's right.  We don't have a catapult and hog monkeys, but we have a flying bison and there's a plane on Varrick's ship. Maybe we can attack from above.
Korra:  What are you thinking?
Asami:  Mako, Bolin and I can use the plane to create a distraction, and scatter some of the defenses. You, Tenzin, Bumi and Kya can fly into the spirit portal on Oogi when you see an opening.
Korra:  Let's get moving.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Oogi flying away with a view from beside Naga's foot. Cut to a frontal view of Naga, with Pabu sitting on top. Both look sad as they watch the others leave. Cut to Unalaq's compound. Cut inside Unalaq's tent as Desna and Eska enter.
Eska:  What are we still doing here, Father?
Desna:  The invasion was completely successful and the southern tribe is under our control. The spirit portals are open.
Eska: You've restored balance. Now we would like to go home.
Unalaq:  You don't understand. Everything I've achieved so far will pale in comparison with what I'm about to accomplish.
Desna:  What else is there? The Water Tribe is united.
Unalaq: After today, there will be no more Water Tribe; no more nations of any kind.  The world is about to be transformed into something magnificent, and new.  And I will lead this glorious revolution. Now go outside and get the troops ready to defend the spirit portal.
Eska: From whom? We've already beaten everyone.
Unalaq: The Avatar will be here soon. She has no choice ...
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to side-view of Oogi and the plane from Varrick's ship. Cut to a closer side-view of Asami piloting the plane. She gives the thumbs up to Tenzin. Cut to a frontal view of Tenzin, who nods in return. Cut to a side-view of the two groups splitting up. Cut to a side-view of a scared Bolin hanging on tightly to the plane's wing.
Asami: Are you ready?!
Bolin: I'm an earthbender, strapped to the wing of a plane, hundreds of feet in the air, so, no?
Mako: Don't worry, there's no way they'll be expecting this.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a wide-view of Unalaq's compound. Spirits encircle the portal to the Spirit World from above. Cut closer to a side-view of the Northern Water Tribe soldiers ready to fight. Cut back to Bolin.
Bolin: I think they were expecting it!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a view from below of the portal surrounded by spirits. Cut inside one of the bunkers as the Northern Water Tribe soldiers stand ready. Cut to an aerial view of the compound as the plane flies into view. Cut to a ground shot of the soldiers watching. Cut inside a bunker as the soldiers begin their attack. Cut outside of the bunker as the soldiers shoot icicles out toward the plane. Cut back to an aerial view of the compound as the plane manages to dodge the incoming projectiles.
Bolin:  Asami!
Asami:  Get ready!  Fire!
</scene>

<scene>
Side-view of Mako who begins to firebend at the compound below. Side-view of the inside of the compound as the plane makes a pass. Side-view of the plane rising, avoiding more projectiles. Cut to a side-view of Asami, and a view from behind the plane. Cut back to the compound as the plane approaches again. Cut to a frontal view of Bolin, who begins earthbending. Cut to a side-view of the compound, as the plane makes another pass and Bolin earthbends explosives onto the mecha tanks. Cut to a side-view of Bolin triggering the explosives. Cut to an aerial view showing the explosions. Cut to an aerial view of the compound, as the plane continues its attack. Oogi approaches the compound.
Korra: There are spirits everywhere. I don't see an opening.
Tenzin:  Let's circle around and see if we can find a way in from the other side.  Hold on!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a frontal view closer to the ground, as Oogi dives away from the spirit. Cut to a side-view as spirits now encircle Oogi. Some of the spirits have already managed to attach themselves to Oogi. Cut to a side-view of Oogi, as another spirit jumps on, but is quickly airbent away by Korra. Cut to Kya, who begins waterbending the spirits away. Cut to a frontal view of Oogi groaning.
Tenzin:  The spirits are weighting Oogi down! We're losing altitude!
Bumi:  Get off of him you sticky, nasty little blob of goo!  Woah!  If I go, you're coming with me!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a side-view as the shadow lets go of Oogi and both Bumi and the shadow begin to fall.
Kya:  Bumi!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to an aerial view of the compound as the plane continues its attack. Cut to a side-view inside the compound of the soldiers sending another wave of projectiles. Cut to a side-view of the plane as some of the icicles connect, damaging the plane. Mako responds with his firebending. Cut to a view inside the compound as Mako creates a wave of fire. Cut a ground view of the plane flying away. Cut to an aerial view of the compound as the plane makes another run. Cut to a frontal view of Bolin. Cut to a side-view outside of a bunker as Bolin bends more explosives down and blows up the compound.
Bolin:  I wish Varrick was filming this! We could call it "Nuktuk: Sky Warrior"!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a side-view of Eska and Desna in the compound, who begin their attack. Cut to an aerial view of the twins sliding on the snow using their waterbending. Cut to a side-view of the plane as the twins manage to destroy the tail of the plane. Cut to a view behind Eska and Desna as they watch the plane begin to fall.
Asami:  Brace yourselves!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a side-view of the plane as it begins to fall and crash. Cut to a wide shot of the crash site, showing Bolin, Mako and Asami unconscious. Cut to a front view of Oogi and the others. Cut to a frontal view from the ground as Oogi begins to fall and crash due to the spirits. Cut to a view of Korra, Tenzin, and Kya lying on the ground. Cut to a close-up of Korra. Cut to a frontal view of Northern Water Tribe soldiers approaching from the compound. Fade to black as Korra passes out. Fade back in as Korra regains consciousness, showing Tonraq tied up. Cut to a side-view of Tonraq and Korra.
Korra: Dad ...
Tonraq:  Korra ... I'm so sorry. I failed you.
Korra:  Don't give up. Harmonic Convergence isn't here yet. We still have a chance.
</scene>

<scene>
Korra turns as the camera cuts to a frontal view of Korra, Tonraq, Tenzin, and Kya all tied up. Mako, Bolin, and Asami are thrown into the tent, also tied up. Cut to a side-view of the tent.
Mako:  We tried.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a frontal view of Korra and Tonraq looking sad.
Unalaq: Congratulations, everyone.  You've all got front row seats for the beginning of a new world order.
Korra:  You don't know what you're doing, Unalaq. Freeing Vaatu won't make you powerful, it will only make you a traitor to everything good that's happened over the last ten thousand years.
Unalaq:  You think what Avatar Wan did was good? Driving almost all the spirits from this world? The Avatar hasn't brought balance, only chaos. You call yourself the bridge between the two worlds,  but there shouldn't be a bridge: we should live together as one.
Korra: Even if Vaatu escapes, I'll put him right back in his prison, just like Wan did.
Unalaq:  It's true that when Wan fused with Raava he tipped the scales in her favor, but this time I'll be here to level the playing field. When Harmonic Convergence comes, I will fuse with Vaatu, and together we will become the new Avatar:  a Dark Avatar. Your era is over.
Tonraq:  Think about what you're doing. I know that you've always had a deep connection with the spirits, but you're still a man. You're still my brother, you're Eska and Desna's father. Are you willing to throw your humanity away to become a monster?
Unalaq:  I'll be no more of a monster than your own daughter. The only difference is that while she can barely recognize her own spiritual power, I will be in complete alignment with mine. Vaatu and I will be as one. No one will be able to stand against us.  Keep them locked up. After the Harmonic Convergence, I will come for Korra.
Eska: Yes, Father.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a view from behind Korra and Tonraq, as Unalaq and his two Northern Water Tribe guards leave the tent.
Tenzin:  I failed in every way. We've lost Jinora forever.
Kya: There's still a chance. They didn't get Bumi.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a side-view of Bumi who kicks his way out of being buried in the snow. Cut to a frontal view as he sits up and realizes the spirit he took down with him is still there. Cut to a side-view of the two as Bumi stands up and the spirit approaches.
Bumi:  Oh, you wanna play some more? Well, bring it on.  Oh, we're playing dirty, huh?
</scene>

<scene>
Bumi reaches into his pocket. Cut to a view behind Bumi as he throws out a dagger. Cut to a side-view of the spirit as the dagger goes inside of it, reverses, and is propelled back out toward Bumi. Cut to a frontal view of Bumi who manages to dodge out of the way. Cut to a side-view of them both as Bumi barely manages to move out the way of the spirits attack. Cut to a frontal view of Bumi who reaches into his pocket again and pulls out the flute. Cut to a frontal view of the spirit approaching. Cut to a close-up of Bumi as he begins to play. Cut to a frontal view of the spirit as it calms down. Close-up of Bumi.
Bumi: Hmm ... Looks like we've got a music lover here.  Reinforcements!  All right, soldiers, looks like it's on us to save the day, luckily I've got a plan.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a view of the portal and the spirits surrounding it, panning down to the compound. Cut to a frontal view of Eska and Desna looking out from the tent.
Korra: Eska, Desna, listen to me.  You've got to help us stop Unalaq. I know he's your father, but Vaatu has made him completely crazy.
Eska:  We will never turn on our father.
Korra: Please.  If you let me out now, I can still stop him from destroying everything.  Once he fuses with Vaatu, no one will be safe. Desna, he won't be your father anymore.
Desna:  You don't know what you're talking about!  Our father is the wisest man in the world. If he says what he is doing is right, I believe him.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to an aerial view of the compound as the soldiers are repairing the damage. Cut to a side-view of a soldier walking past Naga, Pabu, and Bumi without noticing.
Northern soldier 1: Huh?
</scene>

<scene>
Bumi jumps on the soldier as he stops. Cut to a view inside the compound as spirits fly past other soldiers.
Northern soldier 2: You know, if I wanted some ball of evil lurking over my shoulder all the time, I'd have stayed home with my mother-in-law.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a side-view of another part of the compound as Bumi moves forward, dressed as a Northern Water Tribe soldier.
Bumi: All right, spirit army.  Your general is here. Follow me!  It's working!  It's not working!
</scene>

<scene>
Bumi crawls and runs away. Cut to a wide-view of the compound as Bumi runs away, chased by spirits. Cut to a close-up of Bumi. Cut to a frontal view of more spirits approaching. Cut to a side-view of two mecha tanks and Bumi. Bumi jumps in to one of them. Cut to a view inside the mecha tank Bumi jumped into. Cut to a frontal view outside the mecha tank as the spirits surround Bumi before entering it. Cut inside to a front view of Bumi as the mecha tank begins to break down. Cut to a close-up of the mecha tank's tread, which activates. Cut to a view behind the mecha tank as it begins to drive into tents. Cut to a side-view of the compound as the soldier run away. Cut to a close-up of Bumi.
Bumi: Get me out of here!
</scene>

<scene>
Bumi activates a lever. Cut to outside the mecha tank as it fires off a grappling hook. Cut to a close-up of a tower as the hook latches on. Cut to a side-view of the mecha tank as it begins to swinging around the tower, destroying tents as it goes. Cut to an aerial view of the compound as the mecha tank continues to destroy it all. Cut to a side-view of the mecha tank. Cut to an aerial view of a tent that gets knocked over showing two soldiers playing a board game and one sleeping. Cut back to the aerial view, as most of the compound is destroyed. Cut inside to Bumi as the spirits show themselves and Bumi becomes scared. Bumi pulls the eject lever. Cut to a side-view of the mecha tank, as Bumi is propelled out. Cut to a front view of Bumi; switch to a side-view as he slides into the tent where the rest of Team Avatar are captured, knocking over Eska and Desna in the process. Cut to close-up.
Bumi: All right guys, rescue time.
</scene>

<scene>
Eska and Desna get back up and glare at Bumi. Naga and Pabu came bursting into the tent and knock out the surprised twins. Cut to a panning view of the others as they look on in surprise. Cut to an aerial view of the compound as the final tower falls.
Tenzin:  Bumi, how did you manage to take out this entire encampment on your own?
Bumi:  I did it all with my trusty flute and ... ah, never mind, you wouldn't believe it anyway. Let's get moving.
</scene>

<scene>
Bumi marches off followed by the others. Cut to a frontal view of the bunkers near the portal as the group approaches. Cut to a wide shot of the entire group in a forest clearing. Cut to a frontal view of Tonraq being held up by Mako.
Tonraq: You run into the portal, I'll try to hold off anyone who comes after you.
Korra:  No, you're too hurt, you need a healer.  Asami, can you take Oogi and my dad back to my mom?
Asami: Mhmm. 
Korra: This is my fight now.
Tonraq: Korra,  I love you.
Korra: I love you too, Dad.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a frontal view of Asami on Oogi.
Asami: Yip-yip.
</scene>

<scene>
Oogi takes off. Cut to a ground view from behind Korra and Tenzin as she watches Oogi leave. Cut to a frontal view of Korra, Tenzin, Mako, Bolin, Bumi, and Kya.
Korra:  Once we're inside, you go find Jinora.  Mako and Bolin will take care of Unalaq, while I close the portal so Vaatu can't escape.
Bolin:  Wait a second. Worst-case scenario: so we're fighting Unalaq, you close the portals and let's just say something happens to you. Are we going to be trapped in there for eternity?
Korra:  If everything goes as planned, we'll all walk out together after Harmonic Convergence.  If not ...  Let's go.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to frontal view of the portal as the group run toward it. Cut to inside the Spirit World with a view of the Tree of Time. Spirits encircle the tree as Unalaq waits. Cut to a side-view of Unalaq as he turns to the portal. Cut to a frontal view of the portal as Korra, Bolin, Mako, Tenzin, Kya, and Bumi enter the Spirit World. Cut to a frontal view of Unalaq who, along with the spirits, begins to attack. Cut to a wide-view of the spirits approaching Team Avatar.
Korra: Tenzin, go find Jinora!
Tenzin:  C'mon!
</scene>

<scene>
Tenzin, Kya, and Bumi run off to find Jinora. Korra enters the Avatar state and dashes forward, preparing to airbend. Cut to an aerial view as she unleashes a wave of air. Cut to a side-view of the spirits as they are rebuffed by the airbending. Unalaq leaps off the shadow he was on and begins to waterbend. Cut to a front view of a pond of water that Unalaq uses to slow his descent by turning it in to ice to slide down. As he lands he begins to waterbend again. Cut to a side-view of Korra, Bolin, and Mako. Bolin and Mako run forward and begin bending their respective elements to stop Unalaq. Korra rushes off toward the Southern Portal. Cut to a frontal view of the portal as Korra approaches. Cut to a frontal view of Korra, as she reaches the portal and enters the Avatar State. Cut to a frontal view of the portal as Korra attempts to close it. Cut to a frontal view of Unalaq attempting to break through Mako and Bolin's defense. Cut to a side-view of the area. Cut to a frontal view of Mako, as he dodges Unalaq's attack before continuing his own with Bolin. Mako is launched into the air by Bolin's earthbending. Cut to a side-view, as Mako's attack is repelled and he is sent flying backward by Unalaq's attack. Unalaq repels Bolin's attack. Cut to a ground view of Korra, as she continues her attempt to close the portal. Cut to the Tree of Time and Vaatu.
Vaatu: You're running out of time, Raava.  I know you feel it coming.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to an aerial view of the sun as the planets begin to align. Cut back to a view behind Korra as she is knocked backward by a pulse of energy. Cut to a side-view of the two portals as their energy begins to collide. Cut to a frontal view of Korra watching on. Cut to a close-up of Unalaq. Cut back to a side-view of the portals. Cut outside of the portal in the South Pole, as Desna and Eska are knocked backward by a wave of energy. Cut to a frontal view of them falling backward as the wave continues. Cut to a close-up of the twins. Cut to an aerial view of some cliffs as the wave spreads. Cut to a view of the entire planet as waves from both poles spread across the entire planet. Cut to a wide-view of Republic City, as a wave passes by. Cut to a wide-view of a street of Republic City. Cut to a close-up of Lin Beifong. Cut to a ground view of Lin and other citizens of Republic City looking up at the sky. Cut to a view of the entire planet again as the two waves converge. Cut back inside the Spirit World as the two portals begin to create lightning that hits the Tree of Time. Cut to a frontal view of the Tree of Time. The lightning stops and it goes dark briefly before energy explodes from the tree. Cut to a wide-view of the Tree of Time as the energy expands and dissipates. Vaatu emerges. Cut to a frontal view of Korra, Bolin, and Mako. Cut to a frontal view of Vaatu as he begins to laugh. Cut to a close-up of Korra.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to credits.
Main Asami Sato Bolin Bumi Korra Kya Mako Tenzin Antagonists Dark spirits Desna and Eska Unalaq Vaatu: Minor Katara Naga Oogi Pabu Senna Tonraq<scene>
Shiro Shinobi:  After ten thousand years, Harmonic Convergence is here again, and the dark spirit Vaatu is free. Tenzin, Bumi, and Kya have entered the portal to rescue Jinora's spirit. Asami split from the group and took the injured Tonraq to safety. So it's up to Korra, Mako, and Bolin to stop Unalaq before he fuses with Vaatu and becomes a Dark Avatar.
</scene>

<scene>
Shot of the back of Vaatu hovering above the Tree of Time looking down at Korra, Mako, and Bolin. Cut to close-up of Unalaq looking up at Vaatu in amazement. Unalaq turns to the Avatar and the two brothers, who are standing behind him.
Vaatu:  Raava,  nothing could stop this moment. Harmonic Convergence is upon us again.
Korra:  I'm not going to let you fuse with Unalaq. You're going right back in that prison.
Vaatu tries to fuse with Unalaq as Korra enters the Avatar State and stops him with a large blast of fire. She catches Unalaq with airbending, lifting him off the ground, and flings him back through the portal.
Korra:  Don't let Unalaq back in the Spirit World.
Bolin:  We're on it.
</scene>

<scene>
Mako and Bolin run through the portal, and Korra turns back to Vaatu, who is charging right at her. Korra reenters the Avatar State and charges at Vaatu via a thrust of firebending. Cut to Tenzin, Kya and Bumi walking through the Spirit World.
Bumi: Jinora. Jinora's spirit do you hear me?  It's your Uncle Bumi.
Tenzin:  Ah, this isn't working. We can't just randomly wander the Spirit World, call out for Jinora, and expect to find her.
Bumi: We just need to employ the simply rules of tracking.  First we locate her footprints ... then we follow them.
Kya:  Do you even know what spirit footprints look like? Do spirits even leave footprints? Face it, your tracking skills won't work in the Spirit World.  Let me try something.  Jinora is over there.  I feel a lot of spiritual energy coming from that direction.
Bumi: We're in the Spirit World. There's spiritual energy in every direction.
Tenzin: Enough!  We can't do this by ourselves. We need a spirit guide.
Tenzin walks away followed by Kya and Bumi. They approach a hole in the trunk of a large tree with a glowing star inside.
Tenzin:  There.  Spirit, hello.  I'm sorry to disturb you, but I am in need of your assistance.
Dark Spider Spirit:  You dare wake me, human? Humans in the Spirit World belong in one place only.
</scene>

<scene>
The spirit emerges from the hole and charges at the three humans. Shot from the spirits perspective. Bumi and Kya run away, followed by Tenzin; frontal shot of the spirit chasing them. Cut to the three at the edge of a cliff as they jump off and land below, dazed. Close-up of the group as Tenzin airbends everyone to their feet.
Bumi:  Well, that didn't work. Now where are we?
Tenzin: We're completely lost.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut back to the portals where Korra is using all four elements to launch several attacks at Vaatu, only to have Vaatu dodge them. Korra enters the Avatar State and charges at Vaatu, and using airbending and firebending, destroying parts of his essence in the process. Korra propels herself over the ground with firebending, while Vaatu attacks her with his tendrils. She breaks his hold on her and charges at him with firebending, obliterating a large portion of him. Vaatu turns back to Korra and knocks her off before slamming her against a rock with his energy beam. He ensnares Korra with vines, incapacitating her.
Korra: No!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the South Pole where Mako and Bolin are in vigil and in fighting stance. Cut to a far shot of the brothers, followed by an unknown portion of the forest where a mysterious assailant attacks them with rapid ice spikes. Mako gasps while his brother protects him with an earth wall. Mako firebends from behind the wall, while Bolin earthbends in the direction of the assault. Cut to the brothers who look on in silence, before they were interrupted with a barrage ice spikes from the opposite direction. The brothers manage to dodge the attack by separating. Mako attacks with firebending, while Bolin somersaults while earthbending. When he bends another rock, he is struck by an ice spike. The rock managed to protect him, but the impact threw him toward Mako.
Bolin: I don't know if we can win this fight.
Mako: We don't need to win, we just need to stop Unalaq from getting back in the Spirit World.
</scene>

<scene>
The brothers are attacked with another barrage of ice spikes, but Bolin stops the attacks with an earth wall. Cut to the Spirit World where Tenzin, Kya and Bumi wander about a mysterious spirit forest, completely lost. When they walk past a spirit mushroom, Tenzin turns are look at it.
Tenzin:  We're walking in circles,  I've seen that same spirit mushroom five times.
Bumi: That's not the same mushroom.
Spirit mushroom: Yes I am.
Tenzin: See? Even it knows we're lost. 
Bumi:  Oh sure, listen to a fungus over your own brother.
Kya:  What's that?
Bumi: Mushroom? Is that you?
Spirit mushroom: No, wasn't me.
</scene>

<scene>
A figure approaches the siblings, causing them to gasp in fear and caution. Cut to the mysterious figure, who turns out to be Iroh and a knowledge seeker.
Bumi: Iroh?!
Tenzin: How ...? Where ...? It's been so long.
Iroh: Almost forty years. It's nice to see you again.
Tenzin: How did you know we were here?
Iroh:  My friendly spirit fox told me you were lost, I came to show you the way out.
Tenzin: Iroh, we are grateful, but we're not looking for the way out. We're looking for my daughter.
Iroh: I'm sorry to hear that. But you shouldn't be here, Vaatu has escaped and darkness threatens to take over.
Tenzin: I'm not leaving until I find Jinora.
Iroh: I understand. But I beg you to be careful, if you travel too deep into the Spirit World, you could end up in a place where only the lost will ever find you.
The siblings look at each other in confusion. As they turn back, they noticed that Iroh had disappeared. Tenzin tries to catch up, but stops and contemplates.
Tenzin: A place where only the lost can find you ...? That's it! I know where to find Jinora!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut back to the portals where Korra struggles with the vines. She takes a deep breath and enters the Avatar State, breathing a large breath of fire at Vaatu. She frees herself by breathing fire at the vines before resuming the battle, where she attacks Vaatu with air, water and fire, before knocking him with two earth columns and a water blast. Korra approaches Vaatu on an air spout before trapping him in an air bubble, a ring of water, fire and earth, similar to what Avatar Wan did 10,000 years ago.
Korra:  I'm locking you away for another ten thousand years, Vaatu!
</scene>

<scene>
Korra prepares bringing Vaatu into the tree. Cut to the South Pole, where Mako and Bolin are kept in vigil, with two earth walls to protect them.
Bolin: Unalaq?  Are you out there?  He must've gone home?
As Bolin peers over the rock, his ex-girlfriend peers over from the other side.
Eska: Hello, my feeble turtle duck.
Bolin is shocked at his discovery before Eska knocks him off with waterbending. Mako turns to look at Bolin but Desna emerges behind him. Before he could retaliate, Desna knocks him off with waterbending toward Bolin. When the brothers have recovered, a large water blast knocks them off, unconscious.
Unalaq:  Don't let them escape this time.
</scene>

<scene>
Unalaq walks into the portal, with his children looking at each other with unsure looks. Cut back to the Spirit World, where Tenzin, Kya and Bumi are standing outside the hollow of the tree where the dark spider scorpion spirit resides.
Bumi: Are you this is the best way to find Jinora?
Tenzin: Trust me.  Hey you! Spirit! Wake up!
Dark Spider Spirit: You again?!
</scene>

<scene>
The spirit emerges from the tree, attacking the trio. Cut to the trio who were captured by the spirit in a web. Cut to a far shot of the large spirit dragging them to an unknown location. The spirit soon stops and swings her prisoners for them to look at a place. Cut to a far shot of the place, which is a canyon with sharp rocks. The view of the inside of the canyon is obscured by a thick fog.
Kya: I thought we were gonna be taken to a prison?
Tenzin: This is a prison.
Dark Spider Spirit: Welcome to the Fog of Lost Souls. You will never escape.
</scene>

<scene>
As the spirit walks away, it throws the trio into the canyon, who scream in the process. Cut back to the portals, where Korra is nearly successful in locking Vaatu into the tree. As the ball glows, Korra is attacked by a water blast, allowing Vaatu to break free. Korra looks on to see Unalaq preparing another water stream, which knocks her out. Cut back to the South Pole where Eska and Desna are dragging Mako and Bolin away. Unknown to the twins, the brothers soon regain consciousness and look at each other before nodding in agreement. Mako kicks a blast of fire at Desna to free himself, before throwing another blast at Bolin and Eska, separating them. Bolin run toward his brother, earthbending two earth columns to knock down Desna and Eska. The brothers run into the portal, where they see a free Vaatu and an unconscious Korra. Desna and Eska run through the portal.
Eska: Stop!
Eska bends out two streams of water and traps Mako and Bolin in ice blocks. Korra stands up to see Vaatu approaching Unalaq. Mustering as much strength as possible, she throws a fire blast, which Unalaq blocks with a blast of water. Vaatu flies over and enters Unalaq, who stumbles before standing erect again, with the imprint of Vaatu on his chest, and his eyes glowing orange-red. Unalaq approaches the Northern portal and touches it. The overlapping portals energize, engulfing Unalaq with purple energy, who lets out a blast of dark energy from his mouth. A blinding light shines from his body.
Korra: No!
As the energy dissipates, Unalaq opens his eyes, which glow orange-red, creating the Dark Avatar.
Unalaq: We are now one! Now a new era for spirits and humans will begin! And I will lead them all as the new Avatar!
Korra:  Well I'm the old Avatar, and my era's not over yet!
</scene>

<scene>
A spout of air emerges behind Korra, and the two Avatars charge toward each other. As they attack, the scene changes to Bumi, Kya and Tenzin in the Fog of Lost Souls, where they wander aimlessly.
Bumi: What kind of prison doesn't have any bars or walls? We can walk right out of here.
Tenzin: The Fog of Lost Souls is a spirit prison for humans. I read about that in ancient text. The fog is actually a spirit  that infects your mind and slowly drives you mad, imprisoning you in your own darkest memories.
Kya:  How long can we be trapped in here? 
Zhao: I am Zhao the Conqueror.  I am the Moon Slayer. I will capture the Avatar.  I am Zhao the Conqueror.  I am the Moon Slayer. I will capture the Avatar.
Kya: Hopefully we're not trapped in here as long as that guy.
Zhao:  You, you're him. The last airbender! 
Tenzin:  Ah, no! Get off me! 
Zhao: You've grown. But I will still defeat you.  Come back Avatar. Face me! I am Zhao the Conqueror. I will capture you! Victory will be mine!
</scene>

<scene>
Zhao fades into the fog. Cut to the group's waists being tied together by Tenzin with a rope.
Tenzin: If we stay together, we'll find Jinora and make it out of this fog.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut back to the South Pole, where the two Avatars emerge, with Unalaq chasing Korra. Korra attacks with firebending, which Unalaq neutralizes with large ice walls. Both make their way out of the encampment. Korra attacks Unalaq with airbending, but misses. Unalaq attacks Korra with ice shards, which Korra blocks before gaining altitude and assaulting Unalaq with large rocks. Unalaq breaks the rocks with two water whips and direct them toward Korra. Korra stops the whips with a large ice disc, but Unalaq throws her off toward the ground. Unalaq exits his waterspout and traps Korra in a fissure before closing it.
Unalaq: Give in. Your time is over!
Korra attempts to struggle free, but she soon weakens and faints. As she nearly passes out, the light spirit inside her begins calling her out.
Raava: Korra, this fight is not over.
Korra: Raava.
Raava: Vaatu cannot win. Do not give in to ten thousand years of darkness. You are the Avatar.
</scene>

<scene>
Korra's eyes light up. Cut to the surface, where fire erupts from the fissure, knocking Unalaq off. Korra emerges from the fissure via an air spout with a golden glow around her.
Korra: You cannot win.
</scene>

<scene>
Korra attacks Unalaq with an air blast, who dodges it by rising from a waterspout. He retaliates with a water blast, but misses. Cut back to the Fog of Lost Souls.
Tenzin: Jinora! Jinora!
Bumi: Wait a second.
Tenzin: What, do you hear something?
Bumi:  Yes. They're all around us. The cannibals, they're everywhere.
Tenzin: Bumi, you must focus your mind. Right now! There are no cannibals. 
Bumi: Yes, there are! They're gonna eat every last one of us!
Kya:  Who are you two? 
Tenzin:  Kya, we're your brothers. You must remember, before the fog infects you.
Kya: No, you're just a vision. I have no family. You can't tie me down.
Bumi: They're closing in! I gotta get out of here!
Bumi unties himself and runs away, screaming. As Tenzin tries to catch up, his sister unties herself and runs in the other direction, screaming before disappearing in the fog.
Tenzin: No! Bumi! Kya! Come back!
</scene>

<scene>
Tenzin airbends the fog away at both directions. As the fog returns, he doubles his power to dissipate the fog, but it still returns, leaving him alone before he is obscured by the fog. Cut back to the portals where Desna and Eska approach the frozen Mako and Bolin.
Mako: Please, let us out.
Desna: His grovelling is pathetic.
Eska: But I do enjoy the sweet scent of desperation.
Mako: Come on, your dad has become an evil monster. He's gonna bring on eternal darkness. Why would you protect someone who doesn't care about you at all?
Desna:  Father was going to let me expire when we tried to open the northern portal. Perhaps we should rethink our position.
Mako: Yes!
Eska: No. Don't listen to him. His words are poisoning your mind.  What's with this outburst of emotion?
Bolin:  I'm sorry, I can't help it. It's just so sad that I'll never be with you again.
Eska: What? Explain yourself further.
Bolin: Eska, I've always loved you. And I always wanted to be with you. But now that the world is ending,  I'm never gonna get that chance.
Eska:  We could have been together, but you left me at the altar.
Bolin: No, I was scared. I was scared of my true feelings for you. Gah, I should have never left you. I'm sorry. And I'm sorry that we'll never have the chance to rekindle the dying ember that was our love into a big fire of love flames.
As Bolin continues weeping, Mako looks on with unsure looks. Eska looks at Bolin with confusion before kissing him. The ice around the brothers melt. Eska stops kissing Bolin.
Eska: You'll never defeat my father. But, should you survive, perhaps we could spend eternal darkness together.
Mako taps Bolin on the shoulder before both brothers run away.
Mako: Wow! That was the best acting I've ever seen. You completely fooled her.
Bolin:  Yeah right, huh. That was acting. 
Desna: They will certainly perish.
</scene>

<scene>
As the brother run out of the portal into the South Pole, they witness the two Avatars fighting. Korra shields herself from Unalaq's water attacks with fire before exiting her air spout. On the ground, she directs three rocks, knocking Unalaq off his waterspout. Unalaq manages to remain in the waterspout and direct two water streams at Korra, which she manages to nimbly dodge. Korra propels herself with earthbending and throws three fire blasts at Unalaq. Unalaq throws a large water whip at Korra, which she manages to catch, before freezing it and tossing him off his waterspout. Korra bends out another water whip and traps Unalaq's left hand. Unalaq enters his Avatar State and pulls Korra toward him. The Avatars drags themselves toward the center. As Korra enter the Avatar State, the show of strength resulted in the ground around them to rumble and crack. Cut to Unalaq, where Vaatu emerges from within, startling the brothers. Korra attempts to attack Vaatu with a fire breath, but Vaatu enters her mouth and pulls out Raava. Korra weakens and collapses onto the ground. Cut to Korra's point of view where she weakly notices Unalaq trapping Raava in a water bubble. Cut to Unalaq where Vaatu re-enters his body, and he grins viciously. Cut back to the Spirit World where Tenzin is trying to keep himself sane.
Tenzin: You must stay focused. Remember who you are Tenzin. You are the son of Avatar Aang. You are the hope for future generations of airbenders. The fate of the world rests on your shoulders. But what if I fail?  Then your father's hopes of the future dies with you. I can't fail. You will.  Ah, stop it! I am the son of Avatar Aang. I am the hope for future generations of airbenders. I am the son of Avatar Aang. 
Aang's image:  Hello, my son.
Tenzin: Dad,  I've failed you. I am no spiritual leader, and I've let the world down. I'll never be the man you were.
Aang's image: You are right.  You are trying to hold on to a false perception of yourself. You are not me and you should not be me. You are Tenzin.
A puff of smoke engulfs Aang, when it disappears, he becomes a reflection of Tenzin. Tenzin stares at his reflection and gives a determined look before standing up.
Tenzin: I am not a reflection of my father. I am Tenzin.  I am Tenzin!
As Tenzin speaks, a glow of light illuminates the sky, dissipating the fog. Tenzin looks on in amazement and scans the surroundings for his daughter.
Tenzin: Jinora!
Tenzin hugs his daughter, who was kneeling dejectedly before carrying her. He finds his elder siblings, who have succumbed to the effects of the fog, and leads them out of the valley. When they exit, the fog returns.
Bumi:  Huh? What happened?
Kya: I think our brother saved us.
Jinora: Dad. 
Tenzin: You'll be okay sweetie. I'm here.
Jinora:  What happened? The last thing I remembered was dark spirits taking me away.
Tenzin: You were trapped in the Fog of Lost Souls. And I wasn't going to let you stay there.
Jinora: I'm so happy to see you, Dad.
</scene>

<scene>
Two more light butterfly spirits fly onto Tenzin and Jinora. Bumi and Kya join in the hug. Cut to the South Pole where Unalaq prepares to attack Raava.
Mako and Bolin: Korra!
Bolin: He's got the Light Spirit!
</scene>

<scene>
The brothers prepare to attack Unalaq, but the Dark Avatar easily neutralized their attacks and sends out a large ice spike, knocking Mako and Bolin unconscious. Korra weakly attempts to reach Raava, but Unalaq picks up the spirit with purple streams of water and slams her against a rock. He directs a strong blast of water at Raava. Cut to Korra as she groans in pain when Avatar Aang disappears from her vision of the Avatars. With another strike, Korra's vision of Avatar Roku disappear. The following strike destroyed Korra's vision of Avatar Kyoshi. Korra weakly tries to get up, but another strike on Raava causes her to shrink in pain as her vision of Avatars Kuruk, Yangchen, and Szeto disappear. The next strike led to multiple rows of Avatars being destroyed. Unalaq bends out another stream of water, preparing to attack. Korra futilely tries to muster sufficient strength. With one final blow, Raava was destroyed, dissipating in a glow of golden light, and Korra's vision of Avatar Wan disappears. Korra struggles to muster sufficient strength before passing out. Unalaq subsequently turns dark, with Vaatu's patterns on his chest, and grows slightly in size. Cut to the Spirit World where Tenzin, Bumi, Kya and Jinora prepare to leave. Jinora, however, stops and turns back.
Jinora: The world is in trouble.
Tenzin: What are you talking about? How do you know?
Jinora: I can feel it.
Bumi: What happened?
Jinora: It's Korra.  This light spirit will guide you out of the Spirit World. I have to go help. 
Tenzin: Jinora, wait!
</scene>

<scene>
Tenzin reaches out for Jinora, but she disappear before he could. Bumi and Kya look on in surprise. Cut back to the South Pole where Mako and Bolin pick up an unconscious Korra. The turn to see Unalaq growing in size. Cut to Desna and Eska who exit the portal to find their father growing to large proportions, looking on in fear. Cut to Unalaqs point of view where he looks at Mako, Bolin and Korra while growing in size.
Unavaatu: Now, ten thousand years of darkness begins!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Unalaq reach out to the spirit lights, creating a storm. Cut to Mako and Bolin who look on in fear and worry. Cut to Unalaq who teleports away, creating an impact that tossed Mako, Bolin, Korra, Desna and Eska away. Cut to a close-up of an unconscious Korra.
Fade to credits.
Main Bolin Bumi Korra Kya Mako Tenzin Antagonists Dark spirits Unalaq Vaatu: Minor Desna and Eska Iroh Jinora Zhao<scene>
Admit mistakes when they occur and seek to restore honor. This page requires editing to meet Avatar Wiki's quality standards.
Shiro Shinobi:  Korra and Jinora have entered the Spirit World. With Tenzin's daughter as her spiritual guide, the Avatar has one mission – to close the spirit portal before Harmonic Convergence. Meanwhile, Unalaq has been working with the dark spirit Vaatu, who was imprisoned by Avatar Wan ten thousand years ago. Will Korra be able to close the portal and stop Unalaq from enacting his deadly plan?
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a night time shot of the ancient airbender meditation circle near the Eastern Air Temple. The camera pans down from a higher view of the mountains to a lower one of Tenzin and his siblings sitting around the campfire.
Tenzin: I can't believe my little girl had to guide Korra into the Spirit World instead of me. If anything happens to her I won't be able to forgive myself.
Kya:  She's very smart, and she obviously has a strong connection to the spirits. She'll be fine.
Bumi: Yeah, Dad went all the time!
Tenzin: They won't have their bending in there. They'll be defenseless!
Bumi:  Ahem? Excuse me? But I've never had bending, and I don't think I'd call myself defenseless.
Tenzin: Of course you aren't, because you have your ...  um ...
Kya:  Positive attitude?
Bumi:  I would've said acute intellect and cat-like reflexes, but whatever.
Tenzin: Why don't you two get some sleep. I'll take the first watch.
Kya: Wake us up if you need some company.
Bumi: Or if any interesting spirit-y stuff happens, like their bodies start floating around and you need someone to help you grab them before they fly off!
Kya:  Bumi!
Bumi:  I'm just saying, we're here if you need us.
Tenzin: I know you are. Thank you.  Please come back soon.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a close-up of the meditating Jinora, before the background changes to the Spirit World, where she opens her eyes. Cut to Korra and Jinora standing on a spirit field.
Jinora: Isn't it beautiful?
Korra:  Just ... stick close to me, okay? This seems nice, but you never know when we'll run into some dark spirits. Huh! 
Jinora: Look! It's like it's made of jewels!  The spirits are so much more beautiful in their own world than they are at home.
Korra: Jinora, be careful! Hold on!  Uh! 
Meerkat spirit #1: Hey! Watch where you're going, you giant clod!
Korra: Sorry!
Meerkat spirit #1: This is a residential area, in case you hadn't noticed. Who do you think you are, stomping through here like that?
Korra:  I'm the Avatar.
Meerkat spirit #2:  The Avatar?  Not impressed.
Korra: I'm trying to find the spirit portals? I opened one-
Meerkat spirit #3: I heard Unalaq did that!
Korra: No, I did, but-
Meerkat spirit #4: Well if you opened it, how come you don't know where it is? Huh?
Korra: B-because I was at the South Pole!
Meerkat spirit #5: I don't trust her.
Meerkat spirit #6: Get out of our world!
Meerkat spirit #7: We don't need you!
Meerkat spirit #8: You don't belong here!
Korra: Get away from me! 
Meerkat spirit #1: Did you guys see that?! She tried to bend at us, in our own holes! Get her!
The spirits jump at Korra. She manages to dodge some, but some latch onto her and turn into purplish globs.
Korra: Jinora!
Jinora: Korra! Stay calm! Your energy is upsetting them. You're only making it worse!
</scene>

<scene>
Jinora runs to Korra and tries to get the spirits off her. The other meerkat spirits march around them in circle, and a hole opens through which they both fall down into spirit waters. Cut to spirit waters. The girls both hold their breath and hold onto each other's arms. Korra makes a face when she sees a very large dark spirit swimming toward them. The spirit swallows them, and they are teleported to a river that spirals down a rocky slope. The river soon forks and Jinora goes one way, Korra the other.
Jinora: Ahhh!
Korra: Jinora!
</scene>

<scene>
The river takes Korra off a waterfall, and she falls screaming into nothingness. An aerial shot of Korra as she lands on her back, the darkness around her disappearing immediately. Cut to a side-shot from between nearby trees, showing that she is lying on the ground in a forest.
Korra:  Jinora? Jinora!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a shot from behind her as she is facing three dark spirits staring her down. Korra begins to panic, breathing heavily. She turns around, her eyes darting everywhere and she runs away from the spirits before her. Cut to an overview shot of her running through the forest. She suddenly stops and takes a step back. Cut to a shot from behind her, a large insect-like dark spirit threatening her. The creature growls at her, lashing out, and forces her to continue. Cut to a closer shot of Korra as she walks backward, further into the dark forest. When she nearly bumps with her back against a tree on which a small round dark spirit with fingers for feet is crawling, she turns around.
Korra: Jinora.
</scene>

<scene>
The camera pans in a circle showing the forest and the dark spirits that surround her. Right before the camera comes back to Korra, she starts sobbing like a child.
Korra:  Jinora.
</scene>

<scene>
As the camera stops spinning and Korra comes back into view, she has turned into her four-year-old self. Scared, she drops to the ground on her behind and begins to cry. Cut back to a more far off shot, revealing that little Korra is surrounded by dark trees. The camera pans right and halts at the rim of the dark forest on a brighter-looking, green meadow. Jinora is standing there, hands to her mouth.
Jinora: Korra! Where are you! Hello? I'm lost.  Can anyone help me?
</scene>

<scene>
She looks over her right shoulder upon hearing a sound and the camera pans to the left, showing a cooing Furry-Foot flying over a hill and approaching Jinora. Cut to a facial close-up as Jinora squints her eyes. Cut to a frontal shot of Furry-Foot.
Jinora:  Furry-Foot?  Is that you?  It's so good to see you again!  You're so big here.  I don't suppose you know where Korra is, do you?  We were supposed to go find the spirit portals,  but I don't know how to find anything down here.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a further off shot as Furry-Foot coos and starts to flap its wings. The dragonfly bunny spirit flies over Jinora, who happily smiles up at him, and lands behind her. As she jumps up in the air, he runs forward so she can land on his back. Together, they take off, the camera panning up to follow them. Cut to a close-up of Jinora smiling contently, her eyes closed and her hair waving in the wind. Cut to a side-shot of Furry-Foot flying over a hill, the camera slowly panning to the left to follow them. Cut to a slightly darker looking scene with a forest in the background. Furry-Foot flies into the scene and heads for the forest. Cut to a shot of the empty, yellow sky as Jinora, smiling brightly, comes floating into view, followed by Furry-Foot's face. Her excited expression changes to one of wonder and her mouth drops open. Cut to a shot from behind Furry-Foot, panning up. The scene of big, twisted roots change to tall trees in which a building is suspended upside down by vines.
Jinora:  It's like an awesome tree house!  Wait, I've read about this place.  Grandpa Aang came here. It's Wan Shi Tong's Spirit Library.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to dark forest, camera panning down. Korra, still in her four-year-old body, has retreated to below a tree, her knees pulled up against her chest. Cut to a closer shot, tears shimmering in the corners of her eyes. She looks up upon hearing a strange cry. Cut to a downward looking point of view from between the branches as the scene rapidly closes in on Korra. Her wondering expression changes to one of shock. Cut to a frontal shot of a young dragon bird spirit speeding down, its eyes glowing. It flies right into the camera, filling the screen. Cut to Korra as she flails her arms and cowers in fear.
Korra: Ahhh!  Get away!
</scene>

<scene>
She slowly cracks open her eyes. Hesitating, she slowly starts to crawl forward. Cut to a shot of the dragon bird spirit sprawled on the ground. Its right wing sparkles pink, though as the glimmer subsides, a hole in its wing forms. Squeaking, it pushes itself upright on its wings. It flaps its right wing once, shedding some of the pink glimmers, and tucks it away, diverting its head in pain, before laying down in sadness. Korra places her left hand near the spirit, who looks up at the motion. Cut to a ground shot, showing both Korra and the spirit. Korra sports a remorseful expression.
Korra:  I'm sorry I swatted you.  You just scared me.
</scene>

<scene>
As the spirit squeaks, Korra stands up. She looks to the right upon the sound of footsteps, her face slowly being illuminated by an approaching light. Cut to a shot of the approaching person, who clad in an Earth Kingdom attire and carries a lantern, though his face still shaded.
Iroh: You two look lost. Maybe I can help you.
Korra:  I know you.
Iroh: I was good friends  with Avatar Aang.
Korra: Iroh!
Iroh: Hello, Korra.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to dark forest, where Iroh is leading Korra out of the location.
Iroh: I'm glad you came to visit us in the Spirit World, Korra. You came just in time.  We're having a little tea party, to celebrate May-Jim's wedding. 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the spirits around the table, with a pair of conjoined frogs seated at the end, donned with garlands.
Korra: How can you marry each other? Aren't you ...
May: Complete opposites? I know!
Jim: I tried to fight it, but she really grew on me!
Iroh: The Spirit World is very mysterious, but so is love. Help yourself to some tea and cakes.  They are spirit cakes, so you won't gain any weight-  of course, you won't lose any either!
Korra: This part of the Spirit World isn't so scary.  My teapot!
Iroh: That's right. It was yours long, long ago.  When you were Avatar Wan, you used it to carry the light spirit, Raava, around- until the two of you became one. It is my favorite thing I found here.  You know, when you make tea in it, you can still taste a little light in every cup.
</scene>

<scene>
Korra takes a sip and smiles contently. Cut to Wan Shi Tong's Library, where Furry-Foot and Jinora descend. Cut to the interior, where multiple Knowledge Seekers are managing the shelves. Jinora looks at the library in awe.
Jinora: Wow. I could just stay in here forever, reading.
Wan Shi Tong swoops down and lands next to her, leading a gust of wind that flaps her clothes.
Wan Shi Tong: The last human who said that is still here.
</scene>

<scene>
Wan Shi Tong turns to his right, and Jinora follows suit. The scene zooms out to the shelves, revealing Zei's body, which had already decomposed to a skeleton.
Jinora: Professor Zei!
Wan Shi Tong: I see that you have some knowledge of the past, so you should know that humans are no longer allowed in my library. Get out. 
Jinora: I thought anyone could come in if they brought you some new knowledge?
Wan Shi Tong: Those are the old rules. Besides, what has a little girl got to teach Wan Shi Tong, he who knows ten thousand things?
Jinora: Well, since you've been down in the Spirit World, the humans have invented radio. 
Wan Shi Tong: Yes, I am well aware of the radio.
Jinora: But do you know how it works?
Wan Shi Tong: Of course I do! There is a box, and inside the box, there is a tiny man who sings and plays musical instruments.
Jinora: Actually, when we speak, our voices produce sound waves. Radio takes those sound waves and converts them into electromagnetic energy that is transmitted through the spectrum-
Wan Shi Tong: All right, enough. I did not know this.  Apparently, I have been fed some misinformation about the existence of tiny men in boxes.  Still, I am not interested in that human garbage. Now, go away.
Jinora: My grandfather was the Avatar, and I came to the Spirit World with the new Avatar to find the spirit portals. I would think that you'd wanna help me.
Wan Shi Tong: You came with the Avatar, hm? Well, why didn't you say so! Fine, you may look around. But don't break anything- I'll know. 
Jinora: Come on, Furry-Foot, we gotta hurry!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Iroh's teashop, close-up of a Pai Sho board.
Iroh: They say that the game of Pai Sho was invented by the spirits ... although some of them don't seem to grasp it very well. 
Lotus spirit: Just hold on. I'm thinking. 
Iroh: As you can see, it is a game that requires great patience. But time does not mean much to us here.
Korra: How long have you lived here?
Iroh: Oh, I've been here for many years. I had always enjoyed the company of the spirits,  so when my work was done in the material world,  I chose to leave my body behind and come to the Spirit World! It can be a wonderful place, and I've made so many friends.  Korra, what's wrong?
Korra: I came here with my friend, but I lost her and now I'm all alone.
Iroh: You're not alone Korra, it's okay.
Korra: No! It's not okay! Jinora's gone and I need to find her! She's lost, and we need to go home!  I don't like the Spirit World, I don't want to be here anymore! 
</scene>

<scene>
As Korra screams and throws a tantrum, the dark cloud above the mountain grows in size. Cut to the teashop, which becomes darkened, and the spirits turn dull and angry.
May: Did you say something to her?
Jim: Me? You're the one with the big mouth!
Iroh: Korra, please stop! Look at what you're doing to everyone!
Korra:  I did that?
Iroh: In the Spirit World, your emotions become your reality- especially for the Avatar, because you are the bridge between the two worlds. You must try to stay positive. 
Korra: I'm sorry.
The spirits calm down before returning to their normal color. The dark cloud above the mountain also retreats back to the peak, causing the sky to brighten up.
Iroh: There, you see?
Korra: I can make the sun shine?
Iroh: Even in the material world, you will find that if you look for the light, you can often find it. But if you look for the dark,  that is all you will ever see.
Korra: I'm looking for my friend. I want her here now!  Why didn't she come out like the sun?
Iroh: I'm afraid finding her won't be so easy.
Korra: But what am I supposed to do?
Iroh: Sometimes the best way to solve your own problems is to help someone else.  This little fellow needs to go home as well. Maybe if you help him find his friends, you will be able to find yours. 
Korra: I'll take him home! Where do I go?
Iroh: The dragon bird nest is located there, at the top of Hai-Riyo Peak.
</scene>

<scene>
Iroh points toward the dark craggy mountain, which is filled with dark clouds. Cut to Wan Shi Tong's Library.
Jinora: Ugh, it's not in here either! I have to find the portals. Korra is probably waiting for me there right now! I need to find a map that shows where the spirit portals are, could you help me? Thanks, this is it! The Tree of Time! That's where Avatar Wan imprisoned Vaatu! The elders believe that as long as the portals are closed during the Harmonic Convergence, Vaatu will remain imprisoned and the battle between good and evil will not be fought again. But, if both portals are open, spirit energy is amplified greatly. During the Harmonic Convergence, this energy will be great enough to allow Vaatu to break free from his bonds, and the material world will again risk being consumed by darkness. We have to warn Korra!
Unalaq: Leaving so soon? When Wan Shi Tong told me he had a visitor, I had to see it with my own eyes. I can't believe Tenzin sent his daughter here instead of coming himself - what kind of a father is he?
Jinora: Better than you. Wan Shi Tong, how can you be helping him?
Wan Shi Tong: Unalaq has proven to be a true friend to the spirits - unlike the Avatar.
Jinora: Why would you wanna help Vaatu escape? He'll destroy everything!
Unalaq: Don't believe everything you read. Why don't you come with me, so you can do some firsthand research? 
Jinora: Furry-Foot ...?
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the foot of Hai-Riyo Peak.
Korra: This looks scary. Will you come with me?
Iroh: This is something that you must do on your own. The people who have been coming to the Spirit World lately have brought darkness and anger. So that is what you see now. But you have light and peace inside of you. If you let it out, you can change the world around you. Besides, look at this little fellow. This mountain is his home. When you first met him, you were frightened. But does he seem scary to you now?
Korra: No!
Iroh: Many things that seem threatening in the dark become welcoming when we shine light on them. It was good to meet you. Come visit me again - in this life, or the next.
Korra: Bye! Okay, time for you to go home. Light and peace ... light and peace ...
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a platform above Korra where three dark spirits stand.
Korra: I'm not afraid of you. You're not scary! You just look that way. I have light inside! It's okay, you can be my friends. My name is Korra, and I'm taking this dragon bird home! Iroh said you could be nice. Do you wanna help me? All right, now let's close that portal and go find Jinora.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Spirit World intersection.
Korra: That's where Vaatu is.
Vaatu: So you've returned, Raava. The Harmonic Convergence is coming soon, and this time, I'm going to wipe you out for good.
Korra: I think you've said that before, Vaatu. But I'm here to close the portal. You're not getting out.
Vaatu: You might want to reconsider- that is if you want to save your friend.
Unalaq appears, levitating Jinora in front of him, and encircling her with purple water. Jinora's body slowly changes its color to purple.
Korra: Jinora!  I can't believe I trusted you! You made me think you wanted to restore balance with spirits, but this- this isn't balance, it's madness! Now let her go!
Unalaq: If you want your friend to make it out of the Spirit World, you'll open the other portal now.
Jinora: Don't do it Korra!
Unalaq: What will it be? Open the portal- or lose your friend's soul forever?
Korra: Stop! I'll do it.  Now let Jinora go. Ahhh! 
Unalaq: You should've come through the portal. Then you could do this!
Jinora: Ahhh! Korra!
Jinora is carried away by dark Furry-Foot. Unalaq uses his technique on Korra.
Korra: Ahhh!
When Korra is almost covered with the purple light, dragon bird spirit attacks Unalaq and carries Korra away, with her body changing color to normal again.
Vaatu: I'll see you soon, Raava. Once the Harmonic Convergence comes, I'll be free from this prison, and then I will have my revenge!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the ancient airbender meditation circle near the Eastern Air Temple.
Tenzin: Korra! What was it like? Did you manage to close the portal? Was Jinora able to help you?
Korra: Tenzin- I'm ... I'm sorry.
Tenzin: Where's Jinora? W-Why isn't she waking up? Korra! What happened to my little girl?
Fade to credits.
Main Iroh Jinora Korra Antagonists Unalaq Vaatu Wan Shi Tong: Minor Bumi Kya May-Jim Tenzin<scene>
Shiro Shinobi:  Kuvira has defeated the Avatar and now controls the entire Earth Empire. Luckily, the airbender kids and Opal rescued Korra and escaped Zaofu. For the first time in three years, Korra will finally be back in Republic City! Meanwhile, Varrick and Bolin escaped from Baatar Jr. and are on the run. But will they make it back to the city in time to warn everyone about Kuvira's new spirit energy super weapon?
</scene>

<scene>
The camera shows a zoomed up shot of Air Temple Island before sliding to the left and showing Pabu jumping out of his hiding place around a corner, running toward a snoozing Naga. Pabu playfully pounces on and bites Naga's tail; Naga ignores Pabu, not moving until an audible groan sounds from above them. Naga and Pabu look up to see Pepper descending toward the ground, Korra waving from the front of the saddle.
Korra: Naga!
Naga, wagging her tail, sprints off toward the courtyard; Pabu bites onto Naga's tail as she takes off running, and he streams out behind her as Naga runs. As Pepper lands, several other ring-tailed flying lemurs land on a nearby rooftop; Korra, jumping off Pepper, airbends herself herself to the ground, smiling before Naga lifts her off the ground. She licks Korra excitedly, before circling around behind her.
Korra:  I missed you so much, girl!
Meelo and Ikki run past Korra and Naga.
Meelo:  Mom! Dad! We're back! And we got Korra!
As they run past, Bumi approaches from the right, Bum-Ju floating along behind him.
Bumi:  Aren't you a sight for sore eyes!  Bum-Ju and I sure missed you.
Korra: It's so great to see you again, Bumi. And you too, Bum-Ju.
</scene>

<scene>
As Bum-Ju whistles happily, the scene cuts to Meelo and Ikki, running up to Tenzin and Pema as they enter the courtyard.
Tenzin:  Well done kids!  I'm proud of you all for finding Korra.
Meelo:  Proud enough to get me my tats?
Tenzin:  No.
As Pema stifles a laugh with her hand, Tenzin walks over to Korra, giving her a hug.
Tenzin: Welcome home.
Korra: I missed you, Tenzin.
As they separate, Opal walking up behind them, Tenzin speaks, more seriously.
Tenzin: Now, I hate to get right down to business, but I want to hear what happened in Zaofu.
The happiness evaporates, and an awkward silence hangs over the group, punctuated only by Bum-Ju's twittering. Bumi finally speaks, seriousness mingled with sarcasm.
Bumi: Way to ruin the moment.
Opal: Kuvira's whole army was there. She captured Mom, Dad, and my brothers.
Korra:  I thought I was strong enough to stop her. I feel like such a failure.
Tenzin: No one expected you to handle Kuvira on your own. It's up to all of us to find a way to deal with her.  We're just glad to have you back.
Bumi: Where's Bolin? He's not still on Kuvira's side, is he?
Opal: I can't believe he would stay with her after what she did to my family. But we don't know where he is.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a close-up of Bolin with unkempt hair, who is panting. The scene zooms out to reveal him carrying Varrick, who has unkempt hair and a stubble, on his back.
Bolin: How about you use your own legs for a while?
Varrick: You know, when I fled Republic City with Zhu Li, she carried me twenty miles in one day. And that was after she sprained her ankle.
Bolin:  Well, Zhu Li's not here, okay?
Varrick:  That's fine, leave me here, let the worms gobble me up. I deserve it.
Bolin: No way mister! You're not getting off that easily. You're responsible for that weapon Kuvira is trying to make. Which, may I remind you, could hurt a lot of people.
Varrick: No, don't remind me! I know, I'm a horrible, horrible person!
Bolin:  Okay, look. Kuvira fooled us both into doing her dirty work and I'm not happy about it either. But, you know how we're gonna make it up to the world? By getting back to Republic City and warning everyone what she's up to! So, I want you to take my hand  and march with me out of this forest!
Varrick:  You really have a way with words, kid. No wonder I made you a mover star. All right, I'll take the driver's seat for a while, hop on. 
Bolin: Oh, great, my feet could use a break. 
Varrick:  Oh, boy, here we go! 
Bolin: Are you kidding me?!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Republic City, where Asami is reading a magazine of Future Industries. She smiles when she sees Korra.
Korra: I hope you haven't been waiting long.
Asami: Only three years.  It's so good to see you again.
Korra: You too.
Asami: And I'm loving the hair.
Korra: Thanks.  You're looking snazzy as always.
Asami: Come on. Mako got us a table at the restaurant.
They walk to the restaurant, where Mako is leaning against a booth.
Mako: Korra!
Korra: Hi, Mako. 
Wu:  Hello there, Prince Wu, rightful heir to the throne and  this guy's boss. I bet he's told you a lot about me.
Korra: Nope. Not a thing.
Wu:  Then we have so much to talk about.  You are going to love the food here, I know the chef personally.  Let's start with a round of your spicy octopus fritters  and keep the cucumber-aloe water coming!  Gotta keep this princely skin hydrated.
Asami:  I thought it was going to be the three of us.
Mako: Sorry, but I couldn't ditch him. But he promised to be on his best behavior.
Wu:  Hey, pop into the Avatar State for me. I want to see your eyes glow.
Korra:  What? No! 
Asami: So can you go into the Avatar State again? I was worried when you told me you couldn't.
Mako: Wait, when did she tell you she couldn't?  What's going on with you two?
Korra:  I wrote to Asami while I was away. I asked her not to tell you. I'm sorry.
Mako: Well, why didn't you ever write to me? Or Bolin?
Korra: I don't know. I guess ... I didn't know what to say.
Mako:  "Hello" would have been nice.
Wu: Mako, if it makes you feel any better, she didn't write me either.
Mako:  Why would she ...  Never mind.
Korra: I'm sorry I didn't stay in touch, but I'm back now.  And I wanna know everything about what's been going on with you two.
Asami: Well, I kind of have some big news. I went to visit my father for the first time. He had been writing me letters and I guess I finally felt ready to try and forgive him.
Korra: You sure you can trust him? He might just be manipulating you again.
Asami:  You think I don't know what my own father is capable of?
Korra:  No, I didn't mean ...
Asami:  You don't get to disappear for three years and then act like you know what's best for me!
Korra: It's not like I planned to be gone for that long, I wanted to come back, but I never felt ready until now.
Wu: As much as I'm enjoying this little catch-up, my royal bladder is about to explode. Mako, come on, I need you to stand guard.
Mako: I'm not gonna hold your hand every time you have to empty your "royal bladder". Go to the bathroom on your own for once.
Wu:  Fine. 
Korra: Do you always go to the bathroom with him?
Mako: I don't go with him, with him, I just stand there in the general vicinity while he ... I don't wanna talk about it.
Wu walks into the bathroom, where an attendant is waiting.
Bathroom attendant: Good afternoon, Sir. Perhaps a spritz of cologne, to freshen up?
Wu: Make it a double, buddy!
The attendant covers his mouth and nose with the towel he is holding and sprays Wu with a red vapor. Wu starts coughing heavily.
Wu:  Mako, help! Wu ... down ... 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Bolin and Varrick who are trying to escape from the net, bu to no avail.
Bolin: I wish Pabu were here. He could just chew us out of this.
Varrick: You know who else has incisors sharp as a knife? Zhu Li ...
Ahnah: Well look what we caught. Wonder if they were tracking us after we escaped.
Bolin: Hello fellow travelers! I don't suppose you can help us out of this net?
Ahnah: Why would we free a couple of lowly Earth Empire soldiers?
Varrick: Lowly? We were part of Kuvira's inner circle!
Bolin: Were, not anymore! Please, just, let us out!
Baraz: I know just what to do with a couple of Kuvira's top men.
</scene>

<scene>
Baraz firebends a dagger and cuts through the rope of the net with it. Cut back to Republic City, where food is being served at the table while Wu is not back yet.
Mako: I wonder what's taking Wu so long. He's not one to miss out on lunch. I'll go check on him.
Korra and Asami give each other a worried look, while Mako walks off.
Mako: Wu, are you in here? Come on, your octopus fritters are getting cold.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Korra and Asami waiting outside, when Korra spots the bathroom attendant walking past with a cart full of laundry bags.
Korra: I'll be right back. 
She walks out the back of the hotel, where the attendant is dumping the load of laundry into the back of a van.
Korra: Excuse me, did you happen to see if Prince Wu came out this way?
Bathroom attendant: Sorry miss, I haven't seen him.
The pile of laundry bags moves and Wu rolls out, semi-conscious.
Wu:  Hmm, I'm in laundry ...
Korra gets an angry look on her face, but before she can do anything, the attendant bends the ground under her to launch her into the ceiling. He runs to the front of the van and, while his coworker slams the back doors shut, drives off. Mako and Asami run out to check on Korra.
Korra: They've got Wu! Get the car, I'm going after them!
The van speeds out of the alley next to the hotel and Korra is not far behind. She launches a fissure its way, but the van jumps over and keep on driving. Asami pulls up next to her in a blue roadster.
Asami: Get in!
Korra jumps in the car and Asami guns it. The van makes a sharp turn and the attendant bends up a wall to block them. Asami manages to steer clear of the wall just in the nick of time.
Korra: We're losing them!
Mako: Hang a right at the next block. We can cut them off on Seventh.
Top down shot shows the roadster going straight on.
Mako: You missed the turn! Where are you going?!
Asami: I know these streets better than you. I built some of them!
They drive up the elevated freeway and the van comes into view below them. Korra stands up.
Mako: What are you doing? Sit down!
Korra jumps off the car and onto the van, catching herself with airbending. She metalbends the roof open, only to find the van empty, save for the bathroom attendant.
Korra: Where is he?
She jumps in, pulls the guy from behind the wheel with airbending, and stamps on the brakes, skidding the van to a halt next to a couple of spirit vines. Korra pulls him out.
Korra: Wu's not here. This guy was the only one in the truck.
Mako:  Where's the prince?
Bathroom attendant: Halfway to Kuvira by now.  All hail the Great Uniter.
Asami: They must have moved Wu to a different vehicle when we lost sight of them.
Mako:  Take this guy in for booking. Charge him with kidnapping and tell Chief Beifong that Prince Wu is missing. Put out an all-points bulletin. We'll keep looking.
Asami: Where do we start? There are thousands of cars in the city and he could be in any one of them.
Mako: Or they might try smuggling him out on an airship.
Asami: Or maybe a boat.
Mako: He could be anywhere!  The one time I don't watch him pee and this is what happens.
Korra:  They're taking Wu to the train station!
Asami: Are you sure? How do you know?
Korra:  I'll explain on the way, just drive! We're running out of time!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Varrick and Bolin, whose hands are tied together, while Ahnah bends water into her pouch.
Bolin: So how did a bunch of water and firebenders end up in one of Kuvira's reeducation camps?
Ahnah:  Call it what it is: a prison.
Baraz: Kuvira's been purging states of anyone who's not of Earth Kingdom origin and locking them up.
Bolin:  Purging?!
Baraz: What are you acting so surprised for? You must have known what she was up to, being part of her "inner circle" and all.
Bolin: No, I swear! And the inner circle thing lasted like, less than a day!
Varrick:  Will you at least tell us where you're taking us?
Baraz: The border checkpoint. You're gonna help us talk our way past some Earth Empire soldiers.
Ahnah: And once we're through, we'll see about letting you go.
Bolin and Varrick shoot each other a meaningful look, when Varrick jumps up as Bolin sends a wave of earth around, knocking everyone down. He quickly turns the ground in front of him into a pool of lava, holding everyone at bay.
Varrick:  Lava time! Bet you didn't expect that!
Bolin:  Look, I'm sorry for what happened to all of you, but as I've been trying to explain, we don't work for Kuvira anymore.
Varrick: Yeah. If our handsome mugs get recognized trying to go through that checkpoint, we're goners!
Baraz: If you really are fugitives, you better listen up. We've been scouting this region for days. There's a wall stretching along the entire border and patrols guarding every part of it. That checkpoint is the only way out.
Ahnah: It's not worth the risk, Baraz. How do we know they won't turn us in?
Baraz: If he wanted us gone, we'd be at the bottom of a pool of lava right now. If any of us want to get out of the Earth Empire alive, we'll have to trust each other.
Bolin:  All right, where is this checkpoint?
</scene>

<scene>
Cut back to Republic City, where Asami is high-tailing it on their way to the train station.
Mako:  So, how do you know where Wu is just by touching some spirit vines?
Korra: I learned how to connect to people's energies through them.
Asami: Who taught you that?
Korra: Lin's mom.  I found her in the swamp, that place is like one giant spirit wild.
Asami: You met Toph? What was she like?
Korra: A cranky, more miserable version of Lin.
Mako: Is that even possible?
Korra: You'd be surprised.
They arrive at the train station, where they get out of the car. Asami slips on a modified version of the chi blocking glove as they make their way inside. They arrive on a bridge over the platforms and see many trains parked.
Mako: Which train is Wu on?
Korra: I don't know!
Mako: Split up and start looking.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut back to the Earth Empire, where Bolin, Varrick, and the prisoners approach the heavily guarded gate. Bolin and Varrick have made themselves look somewhat respectable again and the prisoners are tied together with rope around their wrists.
Bolin:  Follow my lead.
Guard post soldier:  Good afternoon, sir. Can we help you?
Bolin: You sure can. We captured these escaped prisoners. We need to get them to a secure facility.
Guard post soldier: Where did they escape from?
Bolin: Camp fourteen.
Guard post soldier: Then why are you bringing them through here? Camp fourteen is the other way.
Bolin:  You think we don't know where Camp fourteen is? Kuvira wants them transferred.
Guard post soldier: Then I'll need to see the transfer order.
Bolin gives Varrick a worried look and Varrick moves up to the guard.
Varrick: Listen pal! I had to fight off two badgermoles, six wolfbats and eighteen hog monkeys to capture these guys, so sorry if I don't have the paperwork! I was too busy cramming it in a hog monkey's mouth, while it was trying to eat me! I am in sore need of a shower and I have blisters that are the size of cantaloupes and twice as juicy! So you can let us through, or you can give us your name and rank and I'll make sure to pass it on to Kuvira! You know what happens to soldiers who question her orders, don't you? Bad stuff!
Guard post soldier:  Let them through!
Two guards metalbend the gates on either side of the wall down and they walk through. Inside the wall, there is a guard working in a booth, where there are wanted posters of Varrick and Bolin. He recognizes them as Varrick waves to him and runs out to stop them.
Guard #2: Wait! Stop them, they're traitors to the Empire!
They all start running, but are halted by two mecha tanks that jump down from the top of the gate and land in front of Bolin and Varrick. They find themselves surrounded by four mecha tanks and four earthbenders.
Baraz: There's no way I'm going back to prison!
He makes a little dagger from his middle fingers, cutting through the rope on his wrist, and shoots fire at the soldiers, who throw up cover for themselves. They shoot the rocks back at the prisoners, who defend themselves with their fire and waterbending. Bolin and Varrick are under attack by a mecha tank, which attempts to mow them down with its flamethrower. Bolin throws up cover for them, but Varrick still crawls away. Baraz is fighting a mecha tank as well, dodging its punches. Ahnah comes to his aid and bends her water into a slab of ice, causing the running tank to slide. Baraz blow it back with a few fire blasts, but the tank uses the spikes in its calves to stabilize and break the through ice. It shoots lightning, forcing Baraz and Ahnah apart, before shooting its flamethrower at Baraz, who holds his own with his firebending. Bolin shoots a few boulders at two mecha tanks going after him, which yields no result. So he creates a pool of lava, but the tanks jump over it, cornering Bolin. Varrick, who is hiding underneath the gate, behind a wall, sees how a waterbender is knocked down. He and spots some sort of generator inside the booth. With a screwdriver he unscrews a table leg and wraps a length of electrical wire around it. Bolin is still fighting the tank, but it continues to nimbly dodge the lava benders attacks. Finally, with a fissure, he manages to knock one of the tanks down, but another one is right there to shoot a bolt of lightning at him. He launches himself out of its path and continues the fight. Meanwhile, Varrick has created an electromagnetic pulse, which he hooks up to the generator. Nobody pays him any attention, seeing how they are busy fighting off the benders. Bolin get trapped by three mecha tanks who all shoot fire at him, which he blocks with a wall of earth, but he is unable to escape.
Varrick:  Boy, I sure hope this works.
He pushes a lever and the stick sends out an electromagnetic pulse, destroying all the electronics in the mecha tanks, causing them to fail, just as they were about to kill Bolin and Baraz. It takes everyone by surprise.
Varrick:  I still got that Varrick touch!  We're clear, come on!
Bolin:  Varrick, wait, we can't leave them!
He jumps over his wall and runs up behind the prisoners, just as one is knocked down. Bolin creates a massive pool of lava, forcing the guards back to the gate.
Guard post soldier: Retreat!
Bolin bends the lava all the way to the gate and hoses the wall with it, securing the knowledge the guard will not follow them.
Baraz: Thanks. You didn't have to come back.
Bolin: Yeah. I kind of did. Let's go!
</scene>

<scene>
The scene shifts back to the train station, where people are standing around in conversation.
Over the PA: The 4:15 bound for Omashu is now leaving on track number six. All aboard!
</scene>

<scene>
Mako is frantically searching for Prince Wu. The scene changes over to Korra's search. Asami walks over to her.
Asami:  If we don't find Wu soon, we might never find him.
Korra leans down and places her palm on the floor of the train station. The area around her hand glows yellow as she feels for Wu's energy.
Korra:  He's on that train!
Korra, Asami, and Mako barely manage to jump on the train as it speeds away. They enter a train car with a few passengers sitting at tables against the walls of the car.
Mako: How do you know for sure he's here?
Korra: I don't. But I had a feeling, okay?
Mako: And I'm just supposed to trust your "Avatar Feelings"?
Korra:  You wouldn't have to if you had guarded the prince like you were supposed to.
Korra and Mako storm out of sight. Two passengers from opposite sides of the car glance over to each other looking ready. Asami opens the door to the next train car. The three enter a cabin sprinkled with luggage.
Mako:  Oh, so it's my fault Wu disappeared.
Korra: It's certainly not mine!
A red chest rattles behind Asami.
Asami: Guys, shh. Listen.
Their attention is brought to the red chest after it rattles again. Mako walks up and bends down. He opens the lid and Prince Wu pops up, shouting and flailing.
Mako:  Wu! Wu, it's me.
Wu:  Mako? Where am I? Am I dead?
Mako: No, you're on a train. We're gonna get you out of here.
The train car door is opened by the passengers who had shared a look earlier. The man fires metal bands at Korra, but she easily deflects them. In turn, she creates a tornado of air and sends it flying at the pair of attackers. It causes them to hit the ceiling and fall to the ground. More attackers come running from the train car in front and in the back. Korra metalbends the front door shut, blocking an attacker. She rips apart the ceiling, exposing a cloudy blue sky.
Korra: Everyone out.
Wu: I'm not going up there.
</scene>

<scene>
Korra sticks out her lip, annoyed by Wu's unwillingness to cooperate. Cut to an exterior shot of the train as Wu flies out of the open roof, being lifted by an air blast. He lands on the roof of another train car with Korra, Mako, and Asami following right behind him. The group runs to the end of the train. Asami and Korra make it over fine, but Mako has to pass Wu over to Korra before finally getting over himself. Two more attackers bust through the door and see the prince getting away. They shoot metal cables to the roof, flinging themselves up to Korra, Asami, Mako, and Wu. Mako attempts to get rid of them, but is tripped by a metal cable shot to his foot. The attacker shoots a cable at Korra, who wraps it around her arm. Even more attackers arrive on the roof. Asami quickly defends herself by kicking an attacker's punch out of the way and shocking him with her glove, flinging him back. Another assailant adjacent from Asami begins to metalbend the roof, curling it in on Asami. On the opposite side of the train car, Mako kicks up from the ground and at the same sends fire from his foot, which forces the attacker that had Korra's arm, back. Mako punches at him and the attacker does a backhand spring onto the train car behind him. He metalbends the roof up, too, just like on the other side. Mako steps backward as his footing is being taken away. Mako, Wu, Asami, and Korra all move in together as the roof is being peeled up. Korra bends a sphere of air around the group, grabbing Asami and Wu.
Korra: Jump!
They leap from the train just in time to avoid being crushed. They all scream as they hurdle toward the ground in the air shell. The shell hits the ground to the side of a bridge. The team grunts as they roll to a stop on the dusty ground. The train continues its pace toward the Earth Empire. Asami and Mako stand up, while Korra and Wu remain sitting on the ground. Mako walks over and picks up Wu.
Mako: You all right?
Wu:  Yes! Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you.  You are definitely getting a raise, Buddy.
Mako: You should be thanking Korra. We never would have found you with out her.
Wu:  I owe you my life, Avatar. If only there was some way to repay you. Oh, I know.  How about I take you out for a night on the town?
Korra:  Really? You're asking me out right now?
Wu:  So ... I put you down for a "maybe"? 
Korra: How about a never?
Korra takes her hand back from Wu and walks over to Asami and Mako.
Korra: Not exactly what I imagined for our first day back together.
Asami: But it was kind of like old times.  Except for the getting on each other's nerves part.
Mako: Actually, that is like old times for me and Korra.
Korra: I'm sorry things got so tense earlier.
Asami: It's all right. I guess after being apart for three years, there's bound to be a bit of an adjustment period.
Mako: Yeah, but it's great to have you back.
Korra: There's no place else I'd rather be.
The three hug each other and Wu walks over ready to join in, too. However, Korra sticks her hand out and holds the prince at bay with a hand to his cheek. Unable to come closer, Wu places his hands on Mako's shoulders, while the three friends share a close embrace.
Wu: You guys are the greatest friends a guy could have.
They break apart into a circle again, this time Wu is included.
Korra: So, what are we gonna do with him? It's too dangerous to take him back to the hotel.
Wu: Whoo! You're telling me! I need a cushy safe house somewhere.
Mako: I think I know just the place.
</scene>

<scene>
The camera displays an elaborate estate; a dazzling landscape with several courtyards, gardens, towers, and lots of space. The camera zooms in to Mako, Asami, Korra, and Wu on the front porch of the mansion. Gigantic windows litter the façade, allowing plenty of light into the mansion.
Wu:  Nice digs, Mako. You didn't tell me you came from money.
Mako: I don't. This is Asami's place. She was nice enough to let my family stay here after they fled Ba Sing Se.
The big wooden door opens and Mako's grandmother, Yin, steps onto the porch.
Yin: Mako! It's so wonderful to--  Are you ...
Mako: Grandma, this is Prince Wu. He needs to stay with you and the family for a little while.
Wu takes one knee and grabs Yin's hand.
Wu: It's an honor, Grandma Mako.
Wu kisses Yin's hand and she faints gracefully, being caught by Mako.
Mako: She loves royalty.
Wu:  I think I'll fit right in here.  Thanks for looking out for me, Mako.  Now where's the nearest bathroom? I have been holding it all day! 
</scene>

<scene>
The scene changes to a bay area surrounded by open water and rocks. The setting sun is making the sky a orange. Next to a long dock is a beat up looking red and white, wooden boat with several escaped reeducation campers aboard. The boat is in poor shape. On the dock, Baraz and Ahnah are facing Varrick and Bolin.
Bolin: I know it might not mean much coming from a guy wearing this uniform,  but I'd like to apologize for what Kuvira's put you through.
Baraz:  I appreciate that.
Bolin shakes his hand.
Bolin: Guess this is where we part ways.
Varrick:  It's been a blast!
Ahnah: We're heading north too. Why don't you come with us? It's the least we could do after you saved our necks.
Varrick:  On that hunk of junk? No thanks. I'm allergic to drowning.  I mean, uh, we'd love a lift!
</scene>

<scene>
Defeated, Varrick walks up the pier with the other three. Bolin jumps in and Varrick crawls in awkwardly causing great commotion, ultimately falling to the floor of the boat. The scene shifts again to the roots of a tree. Someone's hand is hammering in a small stake with a cord attached to it. A green remote with various nobs is taken out. A gauge with a red needle makes a noise and the needle flies right into the reddest area of the gauge. Baatar Jr. is kneeling with the gauge in his hand. Kuvira is standing behind him anticipating the news.
Baatar Jr.: This area is overrun with spirit vines.  And they appear to be even more powerful than the samples we took from Republic City.
Kuvira: Perfect. Harvest the vines until there's nothing left.
</scene>

<scene>
A mecha tank retracts it hand and replaces it with a chainsaw that deploys from its wrist and begins cutting through a tree root. The camera zooms out to show the banyan-grove tree in the Foggy Swamp. Several of Kuvira's army airships are floating around the tree.
Roll credits.
Main Asami Sato Bolin Korra Mako Varrick Wu Antagonists Military of the Earth Empire Baatar Jr. Bathroom attendant Guard post officer Guard post soldier Kuvira: Minor Baraz and Ahnah Bumi Bum-Ju Earth Empire fugitives Ikki Jinora Meelo Naga Opal Beifong Pabu Pema Pepper Tenzin Tu Yin<scene>
Shiro Shinobi:  After fusing with Vaatu, Unalaq became a Dark Avatar and ripped Korra and Raava apart! By destroying Raava, Unalaq and Vaatu transformed into the most powerful dark spirit that's ever lived. Tenzin managed to free Jinora from the Fog of Lost Souls, but her spiritual quest isn't over yet. Can anyone save the world from eternal darkness?
</scene>

<scene>
The scene begins with the Republic City skyline, the sky illuminated by spirit lights. Police airships and United Forces battleships are deployed to protect the mainland. Cut to a close-up of Air Temple Island, before cutting to the balcony where Pema and her three younger children are standing.
Ikki: Oooo ... Pretty.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the interior of a police airship where President Raiko and Chief Lin Beifong are in.
Raiko:  General Iroh, are your ships in position?
Iroh: Yes, Mr. President. But I need to know what kind of enemy we're dealing with.
As Iroh is speaking, the sky lights up and Unavaatu plunges into the sea. The wave he creates pushes back one of the battle ships.
Unavaatu: It's time to take back the physical world.
</scene>

<scene>
Unavaatu begins to walk toward the mainland. Cut to the interior of Iroh's battleship, where he watches Unavaatu approach them.
Iroh: Fire!
United Forces firebenders attack Unavaatu with large fire blasts, but Unavaatu continues walking, unharmed. He retaliates by waterbending a wall to stop the blasts, before sending the wave toward the battleships, scattering them. He subsequently walks up to Avatar Aang Memorial Island.
Meelo: Monster attack!
</scene>

<scene>
Unavaatu wraps his tendrils around the statue of Aang, before bringing it to the sea. Cut to a close-up of Aang's face, slowly sinking into the water, which fades to a close-up of an unconscious Korra in the South Pole. Tenzin walks up to Korra, casting his shadow on her.
Tenzin: They're over here.  Please, wake up. 
Kya: They're gonna be all right. But I need to get them into some spirit water. Right away.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a shot of the spirit portal from inside the Spirit World. Tenzin appears first, carrying Korra bridal style. Bumi and Kya are right behind him, with Bumi carrying Mako and Bolin on his shoulders. Cut to a shot of nearby water. Tenzin wades in and gently puts Korra down. Cut to a further off shot, revealing Bumi to have done the same. Cut to a frontal shot of Kya as she begins to heal them. Switch to an aerial shot of Korra, Mako, and Bolin in the water, a stream of illuminated water passing over them, mirroring Kya's movements. Cut to a side-shot of Korra's face as the light passes over her and she opens her eyes. She shoots up and gasps for air, Mako and Bolin doing the same besides her. Cut to a frontal shot of Kya and Tenzin.
Tenzin: Thank goodness you're all okay.
Korra:  Did you find Jinora?
Tenzin:  I was able to rescue her soul, but she wasn't ready to return to her body yet.  She sensed that the world was in grave danger.
Korra:  She was right. 
Tenzin: Were you able to stop Unalaq and Vaatu?
Korra: No. They fused, then Vaatu ripped Raava right out of me and destroyed her. Vaatu won.
Bolin:  No. I am too young to live through ten thousand years of darkness. Korra, can't you talk to one of your past lives or something?
Korra: When Vaatu destroyed Raava, he destroyed my connection to the past Avatars too.
Tenzin: If that's true, then-
Korra: The cycle is over. I'm the last Avatar.  I'm so sorry, Tenzin. 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the rest of the group, who look on sadly. Kya walks up to her younger brother.
Kya: She needs you now, more than ever.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut back to Republic City, where multiple planes fly by Unavaatu. Unavaatu catches a plane with his tendrils. The pilot manages to eject before the plane is pulled down and slammed onto the water surface where is explodes. Cut to the airship where Raiko and Lin watch the damage done.
Raiko:  It's going to destroy the entire city.
</scene>

<scene>
Unavaatu shoots out an energy beam at the airship, destroying the tail propellers. The airship begins spinning and hurtling toward nearby buildings. Cut to the interior where multiple police officers brace themselves. Lin pulls a lever, opening the back door, and gestures for her officers to bail out.
Lin: We're going down!
</scene>

<scene>
Multiple metalbender cops jump out of the airship, shooting their cables for a safe landing. Raiko walks up and clings on to Lin, who aims her cables at a rooftop gargoyle before jumping off. The duo lands on a roof, where they continue observing the damage. Cut back to Unavaatu who shoots out vines which engulf the harbor and many Republic City landmarks. Cut to Varrick's cell where Varrick is exercising while listening to a radio.
Shiro Shinobi: It's pandemonium in the streets! Giant vines are destroying everything. This is Shiro Shinobi, signing off!
As Shiro signs off, a large vine destroys the wall of the cell, throwing the radio and Zhu Li off balance, but completely missing Varrick who coincidentally ducked during his exercise. He walks up to the hole and puts on a pair of goggles.
Varrick: Zhu Li, commence "Operation Winged Freedom".  Do the thing! 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut back to the Spirit World where Tenzin is trying to console Korra.
Tenzin: The other Avatars may not be able to help you anymore, but, perhaps I can.
Korra:  No one can help me now.
Tenzin:  I know I haven't been the best mentor to you. But I realized it was because I had a lot of spiritual growth to do myself. There may still be a way for you to stop Vaatu.
Korra: How?
Tenzin:  Let go of your attachment to who you think you are, and connect with your inner spirit.
Korra: Haven't you heard anything I said? Raava is gone. I'm not connected to her spirit anymore.
Tenzin: I'm not talking about Raava. Raava is not who you are.  Come with me, I need to show you something.
Korra turns to look at Tenzin dejectedly, but still follows him. The duo walks up to a large, gnarly, old tree.
Korra: Why are you showing me Vaatu's prison?
Tenzin: Because this tree had a history long before it held Vaatu. This is the Tree of Time. And the legends say its roots bind the spirit and physical worlds together.
Korra: And, you think this tree can help me somehow?
Tenzin: Yes. I have read that long ago, the ancients would meditate beneath this tree and connect with the great cosmic energy of the universe.
The duo enters the hollow of the tree, and as Korra enters, various memories appear, ranging from her adventure regarding the Equalists to Wan's past.
Korra: These are my memories.
Tenzin: The Tree of Time remembers all. Korra, the most powerful thing about you is not the spirit of Raava, but your own inner spirit. You have always been strong, unyielding, fearless. 
Korra: Avatar Wan.
Tenzin: Before he fused with Raava, Wan was just a regular person.
Korra: But, he was brave, and ... smart, and always wanted to defend the helpless.
Tenzin:  That's right. He became a legend because of who he was, not what he was. He wasn't defined by Raava anymore than you are. 
Korra:  Everyone in Republic City is in danger.
Tenzin: You have to help them, Korra.
Korra: How? We're half-way around the world.
Tenzin:  Do as the ancients once did. Connect to the cosmic energy of the universe. Don't bend the elements, but the energy within yourself.
Korra: You really think I can do this?
Tenzin: I have no doubt.
Korra:  Thank you for not giving up on me.
Tenzin: I'm proud of you.
Tenzin walks out of the Tree of Time, but before he exits, he turns around to see Korra seated in a meditative position. He exits the tree, leaving Korra alone to meditate. As she meditates, a memory of Wan airbending alongside Raava emerges.
Wan: If you and Vaatu have the same fight every ten thousand years, why hasn't one of you destroyed the other?
Raava: He cannot destroy light, anymore than I can destroy darkness. One cannot exist without the other.
Unavaatu: Find the light in the dark.
</scene>

<scene>
The scene zooms in to Korra's face before fading through white, changing to a scene of Korra standing on astral lights. She opens her eyes and turns, seeing a large projection of herself, holding a ball of light. Korra looks on with determination and walks toward the ball of light. As she enters it, a large blue projection of herself exits her body and the Tree of Time. Cut to the outside of the tree, where everyone looks on in shock and surprise. Korra's projection reaches out to the overlapping portals and is sucked through, disappearing through the base of the portal.
Bumi: Uhhh ... what did you say to her exactly?
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a frontal shot of Korra's projection as she speeds through the spirit lights. Cut to Republic City, its buildings surrounded with vines; an emergency alarm blares. The shot pans to the left, revealing Unavaatu standing in the bay, his arms stretched toward the water as he controls the vines that are overtaking the city. Cut to a frontal shot of him as he looks up. Switch to a back-shot of Unavaatu, showing a blue light coursing through the sky. The light intensifies into a bright ball. Cut to a side-shot of Unavaatu as the bright ball slams into him, knocking him back, ricocheting over the water's surface. Cut to a frontal shot of Korra's projection as she stands up. Cut to an overview shot of the bay, which is replaced by a frontal shot of Pema, Ikki, and Meelo looking on in surprise.
Ikki: Korra's back!
Meelo: And she's a blue giant!
Unavaatu rises up from the water and prepares to battle Korra. Both entities fire out their respective energy beams from their chests, but Korra focuses her beams to overpower Unavaatu's, eventually knocking him back. Korra runs forward, but Unavaatu shoots out tendrils toward her, which she catches and uses to immobilize and grab him before slamming him toward a nearby mountain. Korra leaps forward and holds Unavaatu's head with her right hand, while desperately searching for Raava within Vaatu.
Unavaatu: You're looking for something that is gone.  Raava has been destroyed. And soon you will be too!
</scene>

<scene>
Unavaatu fires a close range energy beam at Korra, knocking her unconscious. Cut to the Spirit World, where a swarm of dark spirits approach the Tree of Time.
Mako: They're coming for Korra!
</scene>

<scene>
Mako shoots out lightning toward the spirits. His attack is followed by Tenzin, Kya, and Bolin, who attack the spirits with their respective bending elements. Back at Republic City, Korra stumbles from the attack, but Unavaatu fires another energy beam at her, knocking her unconscious. Unavaatu bends out purple streams of water around her, preparing to corrupt her spirit. Back at the Spirit World, Team Avatar is forced to retreat to near the Tree of Time. Cut to Bolin who attacks the spirits with earthbending, but a spirit drags him away, though before it could attack, the entity was destroyed by a water stream. Cut to near the portal, where Desna and Eska attack the dark spirits.
Eska: Leave my Bolin alone!
Desna: I am so done with spirits.
Bolin:  Eska! I love you!  Let's face the end of the world together!
Eska: You're so romantic.
</scene>

<scene>
As the trio attack the spirits, the scene changes back to Republic City, where Unavaatu is near success in destroying Korra.
Unavaatu: With you out of the way, I will be the one true Avatar.
</scene>

<scene>
A ball of light descends from the sky. Cut to Ikki's point of view, via a telescope, where she notices Jinora in the light.
Ikki: Mommy, it's Jinora. She's ... beautiful.
Pema: What? Let me see.  Be careful sweetie!
Jinora descends toward Korra, holding with her a small ball of light. She opens her palms, releasing the light, which illuminates Republic City. Unavaatu, who is shielding his eyes from the glare of the light, stops bending, releasing Korra. As he recovers from the glare, a ball of light emerges from his chest.
Unavaatu: No!
Korra: Raava!
Korra runs forward and punches Unavaatu before reaching into his chest. As she touches the ball of light, she pulls out Raava. She subsequently prepares to purify Vaatu.
Unavaatu: No!
After purification, Unavaatu dissipates into the sky in a golden light. Korra bows in respect.
Korra: Go in peace.
Raava: Harmonic Convergence is nearly over. We must return to the Spirit World so we can fuse once again.
</scene>

<scene>
Raava and Jinora descend onto Korra's open palms, where she cups them with her hands for safety, before teleporting away. Cut back to the Tree of Time, where everyone was forced to retreat into the hollow. The spirits soon swarm the hollow, darkening the interior. Cut to a far shot of the spirit portals, where a beam of light descends from the center, illuminating the Tree of Time and dissipating the dark spirits. Cut to an aerial shot of the Tree of Time, where Korra's projection has returned. She opens her palms, releasing Raava and Jinora, who glides to her father.
Jinora: I'll see you soon, Dad.
</scene>

<scene>
Tenzin reaches out for Jinora, but she disappears before he could do so. Korra's projection also dissipated and returns to her body. Cut to the healing hut, where Jinora awakens from her coma. She turns to smile at Asami and her grandmother. Katara approaches her and gave her a hug.
Jinora: Gran-Gran, I missed you.
Asami: What about Korra and the others?
Jinora: Don't worry, they're all right. Korra saved the world.
</scene>

<scene>
Tonraq and Senna hug each other in happiness. Cut back to the Spirit World where Korra walks out of the Tree of Time to find her allies and Raava waiting. Raava flies toward Korra, allowing her to hop and, and subsequently soars to the overlapping portals. Korra reaches out for the portal, which releases yellow bolts of energies from the overlapping portals. As Harmonic Convergence passes, the portals separate again. Cut to a shot of Earth where the spirit lights retreat. Cut back to the Spirit World where the portals now stand upright. Cut to Korra, who glows blue with a white imprint of Raava on her chest, before descending.
Tenzin: The Avatar Spirit has returned.
Korra descends back to the ground, using an air spout to slow her fall. She opens her eyes, which glow momentarily before fading.
Korra: It's over.
Mako, Bolin, and Tenzin run up to Korra. Mako hugs and kisses her.
Mako: I don't even know what to say.
Tenzin: You were amazing.
Bolin:  And the way you turned all gigantic like that, wow! I just wished Varrick was here to film it! It would be the greatest mover ever. After the Nuktuk chronicles of course.
Korra:  I'm sorry about your father. But he was already fused with Vaatu. I couldn't save him.
Eska: It seems cousin Korra is under the impression we're saddened by our father's demise.
Desna: But I will not miss him at all. In the end, he became a deplorable man.
Eska: Agreed. But how will we explain this to mother?
Bolin: So, I was thinking. I'm not really a fan of a long-distance relationship thing,  so how about you move to Republic City with me.
Eska: I do not think it will be possible.
Bolin:  Okay. Desna can come too.
Eska: I will not be joining you, Bolin. Desna and I must return home.
Bolin: But you said-
Eska: Eternal darkness was upon us. I became caught up in the moment.
Bolin:  Yeah. I guess I did too.
Eska:  But, you will always hold the special place in the organ that pumps my blood. I will remember you fondly.  My turtle duck.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Bumi who hears a chitter of a dragonfly bunny spirit from a distance. He turns to see a blue-colored dragonfly bunny spirit, Bum-Ju.
Bumi: Bum-Ju, you're okay.  I missed you, little buddy.
</scene>

<scene>
Bum-Ju snuggles against Bumi. Cut to Tenzin and Korra who walk to the northern portal.
Tenzin: Now that you're bonded with Raava once again, are you also reconnected with your past lives?
Korra:  No. I think that link is gone, forever.
Tenzin: I see. Why don't you close the portals, and we'll go home.
Korra walks up to the portal and stretches out her hand. As she reaches for the portal, she relaxes her palm.
Korra: Maybe I shouldn't.
Tenzin: What do you mean?
Korra:  What if Unalaq was right when he said the Avatar shouldn't be a bridge between the two worlds?  What if Avatar Wan made a mistake when he closed the portals?  What if humans and spirits weren't meant to live apart?  Well, what do you think I should do?
Tenzin:  I think you should trust your instincts. There is nothing else I can teach you. You are the Avatar. Whatever your decision, I support you.
</scene>

<scene>
Korra smiles and looks at the portal. Cut to the South Pole where Team Avatar exits the portal. Cut to the exterior of the palace where a large crowd has congregated. Cut to the interior where Mako approaches Korra.
Mako:  Hey, can we talk?
Korra: Of course.
Mako: There's something I've been wanting to tell you about that fight we had. I know I said it wasn't that bad, but, that's not exactly true. I, um ... I-I broke up with you.
Korra: I remember.
Mako: But, I thought you said you lost part of your memory.
Korra: I did, but being inside the Tree of Time brought it back. I'm sorry for blowing up at you.
Mako: That's okay.  I think we've both said things that we regret.
Korra: Why didn't you just tell me the truth in the first place?
Mako: I know I should have, but ... I didn't wanna hurt you all over again. I guess part of me wanted to forget about the break-up too.
Korra: I think we both know that this. Us? Doesn't work.
Mako: You're right.
Korra: It's over.  For real this time. 
Switch to a side shot. Korra places her hand on Mako's cheek to guide him in for a soft kiss. As they break their kiss, they remain close together with their foreheads touching and their eyes closed. Korra sheds a tear, while standing there in a moment of silence. They open their eyes and stand erect once more.
Mako: I'll always love you, Korra.
Korra: And I'll always love you. 
Bolin:  You want a hug?
</scene>

<scene>
Bolin awkwardly hugs his brother. Cut to the exterior of the palace where Korra is making a speech, with her parents and Avatar Aang's family standing behind her.
Korra: The war of the Water Tribes is over. Unalaq has been defeated, and the Northern fleet is returning home. The Water Tribes will always be allies, but the Southern Tribe is now independent,  and the Southern Council of Elders has appointed my father, Tonraq, to be your new chief!  I've realized that even though we should learn from those who came before us, we must also forge our own path. So that is why I've decided to keep the portals open. Humans can now physically enter the Spirit World, and spirits will be free to roam our world. I will no longer be the bridge. Humans and spirits must learn to live together. My mission will always be to use Raava's light spirit to guide the world toward peace and balance. Harmonic Convergence has caused a shift in the planet's energy. I can feel it. Things will never be the same again. We're entering a New Age.
</scene>

<scene>
Pan to the sky, which is filled with spirits literally dancing in the sky. Bum-Ju flies toward the camera before flying off.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to credits.
Main Bolin Bumi Korra Kya Mako Tenzin Antagonists Dark spirits Unavaatu: Minor Asami Sato Desna and Eska Ikki Iroh Jinora Lin Beifong Meelo Pema Raiko Varrick Zhu Li<scene>
Shiro Shinobi:  Korra and Mako have discovered the truth about Amon's identity. He's a waterbender, a bloodbender, and brother to Tarrlok! Now, Korra and Mako plan to infiltrate the Equalists' victory rally and expose Amon as a fraud. Meanwhile, Asami, Bolin, and General Iroh head toward Hiroshi's secret airfield, where Asami intends to take down her father?
The episode opens to Bolin, Asami, and Iroh riding on Naga in a snowy region. They watch as the biplanes fly above.
Iroh: I think we've found our secret airfield.  Bolin, once we get down there, I need you to tear up those runways. We can't let those aircraft take off.
Bolin:  Aye aye, captain!  Ooh, general, general.  All right, you guys wait here until we get back, okay?  Uh-uh, stay.
Naga whines as Pabu chitters. Iroh, Bolin, and Asami approach the Equalist base which seems to lack a perimeter fence; there are posts but no wires.
Asami:  Why would there be fence posts but no fence?
</scene>

<scene>
Iroh, Bolin, and Asami go into the middle of the fence posts, but subsequently cry out in pain as they are electrocuted, and they collapse onto the ground unconscious. Cut to the entrance of the Pro-bending Arena guarded by an Equalist airship and mecha tanks. Cut to an Equalist poster and cut inside at the rally. Korra and Mako wear Equalist disguises and stand guard on a balcony with their hands behind their backs. They nod at each other, ready to expose Amon as a fraud. Amon rises from beneath the platform.
Amon: Thank you all for joining me on this historic occasion!  When I was a boy, a firebender struck down my entire family and left me scarred. That tragic event began my quest to equalize the world.
Korra: That's a lie, Amon!  Or should I call you Noatak? 
Lieutenant:  You want her taken out?
Amon:  No.  Everyone calm down, we have nothing to fear from the Avatar. Let's hear what she has to say.
Korra: Amon has been lying to you. The spirits didn't give him the power to take people's bending away. He uses bloodbending to do it.  Amon is a waterbender! 
Lieutenant:  What is this nonsense?
Amon:  You're desperate, Avatar. Making up stories about me is a pathetic last resort.
Korra: Your family wasn't killed by a firebender.  His father was Yakone,  and his brother ... is Councilman Tarrlok.
The Lieutenant sports a doubting look at first before inquiringly looking at Amon.
Amon: Hmph, an amusing tale, but I will show you the truth.  This is what a firebender did to me.
Korra:  What? 
Equalist supporter:  The Avatar is lying!
Korra: I'm telling you!  He's a waterbender.  They don't believe me. It didn't work!
Mako:  We said what we had to. Let's get out of here.
The pair turns around as Equalists spin bolas at them from above the balcony ready to attack. They take fighting stances as they approach the Equalists on their way out.
Amon: I wouldn't leave yet, Avatar. You'll miss the main event. 
Korra:  No ... they got away.  We saw them get away!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut back to the aircraft base where Asami lies in her cell. Iroh and Bolin are tied back to back.
Hiroshi Sato: Asami.  Asami, I know I have hurt you ... and I am sorry. But I believe that one day, you will come to your senses and we can be a family again.
Asami:  Are you insane?! How can we be a family after everything you've done?! Mom would hate you for what you've become.
Hiroshi Sato:  How dare you? I am avenging her death!
Equalist: The airplanes are ready for take-off, sir.
Hiroshi Sato:  Good, annihilate the fleet.
Iroh and Bolin gasp and share a look of confusion and shock.
Hiroshi Sato:  That's right, general. I intercepted your message to Commander Bumi. I know exactly where they're hiding. 
Asami:  How are we gonna get out of here?
Iroh:  I don't suppose you know how to metalbend?
Bolin:  That is a negative, Sir. 
Suddenly, there is the sound of running, and the warehouse door explodes inward as Naga comes charging in..
Bolin:  Naga! Over here!
Naga breaks the jail door with her front paws, and Pabu climbs onto Bolin's lap.
Bolin:  Who needs a metalbender?  We got Naga! Yeah!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the runways of the aircraft.
Iroh:  I'm going after those airplanes.
Bolin:  Ahh! No, Naga!
Asami:  Huh, what do you know ... just like a Future Industries forklift.
</scene>

<scene>
Iroh manages to board one of the planes with his firebending. He throws the pilot off and steers the plane on his own. Cut back to the Pro-bending Arena rally.
Amon: Tonight, I rid the world of airbending, forever. 
Korra:  Amon, let them go!
Amon:  You're welcome to come down here and try to stop me.
Mako:  He's trying to bait you. 
Korra:  I don't care! We have to save them!
Amon: The Avatar needs to be reminded of the power I possess. 
Tenzin looks at his children with worry-filled eyes while futilely trying to break free. Suddenly, Mako generates lightning and directs it to Amon, who dodges the blast and rolls over to the Lieutenant. Mako and Korra use firebending to jump onto the wall and balance themselves vertically to run across it to the stage. Before landing, they both dodge bolas thrown at them and send a barrage of firebending attacks to get the Equalists away from the airbenders, knocking one Equalist off the stage. The crowd disperses and runs away from the stage. Mako continues to fight them as Korra runs to free the airbenders.
Korra:  Where are Pema and the baby?
Tenzin:  In prison.
Korra: Beifong?
Tenzin: I don't know. 
Tenzin immediately runs onto the battlefield, assisting Mako as Korra moves to free the kids. Right after Mako throws a fire punch and fire kick, Tenzin runs in front of him fires two air blasts, which knocks an Equalist and the Lieutenant off the stage. Amon dodges Mako's firebending attack with acrobatic grace, but Tenzin follows with a strong wave of air which he tries to block, but it is too powerful, causing him to be blown off the stage.
Korra:  Follow me, kids.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the hallway where Korra, Mako, Tenzin, and the kids have all gathered.
Korra:  Get them out of here. We'll create a diversion. 
Tenzin:  Let's go get your mother and the baby.
Meelo:  Prison break!
Tenzin and the children run the opposite direction as Amon goes out on the other door. When he starts running, Korra blocks his way with a wall of fire and makes another one to be safe. Mako enters a room with Korra behind him. Amon jumps over the wall of fire and looks to see where they have gone. He hears the door swing and enters that room. Korra hears Amon's footsteps. Amon continues to walk past Korra's hiding place and stops for a moment before continuing. Korra breathes a sigh of relief, but suddenly writhes in pain as Amon bloodbends her out from under the table and into the air.
Mako:  Let her go!
Amon dodges each attack and bloodbends Mako into submission by lifting him into the air. He slams both of them on the ground and bloodbends Mako in place on the floor, and Korra in a kneeling position. Amon walks around Korra and places his hand on her neck.
Korra: No!
Mako:  Korra!
Amon places his other hand on her forehead. Close shot on Korra's eyes. When her eyes close, the shot zooms out as Korra's voiceless scream is heard. Amon lets her go as her body slumps on the ground.
Amon: I told you I would destroy you.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut back to Iroh fighting the airplanes. Iroh generates lightning and directs it to the middle plane, causing it to crash to the plane beside it. The camera zooms out to the planes dispersing. One pilot shoots an explosive bola at Iroh's plane causing it to get caught up in the main propeller forcing Iroh to bail out before the plane explodes. As Iroh free-falls, he uses his firebending to propel himself to another plane and from there uses a firebending attack to disable one of the propellers on the plane in front of him. Iroh kicks the pilot off the plane and takes control of it. A bomb manages to hit the rear end of the plane. Iroh tries to control the plane while another one above him tries to drop another bomb. He quickly uses his firebending and shoots it, causing the plane above him to explode. Meanwhile, his own plane is on a collision course with the statue of Aang on Aang Memorial Island, which has had Aang's face covered with a mask like Amon wears. Before impact, he quickly jumps out and grabs the Equalist banner, causing it to tear. He hangs in midair and watches the mask fall off the statue.
Iroh:  Thanks for looking out for me, Aang.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut back to the aircraft base. Bolin groans as he destroys the runway by earthbending. Three mecha tanks try to attack Bolin with cables, but Naga catches them and pulls them, causing the mecha tanks to topple over and almost hit Bolin, who stands still as if not noticing it.
Bolin:  Whoa! Thanks Naga.
</scene>

<scene>
Naga runs toward the camera as it cuts to inside the airbase. Asami destroys one of the planes with the mecha tank.
Hiroshi Sato:  Asami, what do you think you're doing? You are aiding the very people who took your mother away!
Asami:  You don't feel love for Mom anymore. You're too full of hatred.
Hiroshi Sato: You ungrateful, insolent child! 
Hiroshi controls the mecha tank to advance to Asami. Asami tries to stop him by launching the wires, but missed. Asami's eyes widen in fear as Hiroshi's tank hits, throwing her mecha tank away and destroying the faceplate.
Hiroshi Sato:  I now see there is no chance to save you!
As Hiroshi is going to hit Asami with his mecha tank's right hand, Bolin sends a rock to the mecha tank's hand to stop it.
Bolin:  Mr. Sato, you are a horrible father!
Asami gains momentum and attacks her father. She successfully throws him away using her mecha tank. Hiroshi groans in pain as Asami forces the opening of the mecha tank. Hiroshi looks with fear at his daughter while Asami looks at him with hatred. Her gaze eventually changes into pity as Hiroshi tries to attack her, but Asami is able to dodge it, which he used as a diversion in order to attempt an escape.
Asami:  You really are a horrible father.
</scene>

<scene>
As Hiroshi runs, Asami throws an electrified bola that renders Hiroshi unconscious. Asami sheds a tear as Naga whimpers. Camera changes back to the Pro-bending Arena.
Amon:  Finally, you are powerless.
Korra tries to hit Amon, but is too weak from the loss of her bending to do it and misses. Suddenly, Amon's eyes widen as the voice of the Lieutenant comes from behind him.
Lieutenant:  Amon! Everything the Avatar said is true, isn't it? I just saw you bloodbend her.  You traitor! I dedicated my life to you!
The Lieutenant takes out his kali sticks and runs forward to attack Amon. Right before he gets there, however, Amon glares at him and he is lifted into the air with bloodbending.
Amon: You've served me well, Lieutenant.
</scene>

<scene>
Amon casts the Lieutenant aside into a pile of wood and walks toward Mako. He bloodbends his hands, but Mako manages to electrocute him with lightning strong enough to throw him away. He sends two firebending blasts at Amon, but the blasts hit the surrounding wood and trap him. Mako picks up Korra and carries her bridal style as the shot cuts to the hallway with Mako running while still carrying Korra.
Korra:  Mako ... my bending.
Mako:  Everything will be all right! We just need to get out of here.
Amon:  I'm impressed. No one has ever gotten the better of me like that.  It is almost a shame to take the bending of someone so talented. Almost.
Korra:  No!
Korra instinctively throws a punch at Amon, and it suddenly become a blast of air that shoots down the corridor and slams into Amon and Mako, sending them flying. Amon is sent skidding backward and, despite the mask, it is obvious that he is for once completely stunned..
Amon:  Impossible!
Korra: I - I can airbend?  I can airbend!
</scene>

<scene>
Korra attacks Amon with a flurry of air blasts. Despite his attempts to block, he is flung back and slides to a stop on his side in front of a window. He growls and stretches out his hand. Cut to Korra whose progress is immediately halted due to the bloodbending grip Amon is exerting. Cut to a side-shot as Amon stands up and strengthens his grip on Korra, now using both hands. Switch to a frontal shot of Korra, whose face is contorted in pain and the effort it costs to resist his hold.
Korra:  No ... you ... don't!
Korra overcomes it and punctuates the last word with an airbending-infused kick that slams into Amon, blasting him out of the window behind him. As Amon falls, his mask comes off, and he plunges into the sea. Concerned citizens dash to see what happened.
Crowd member #1: Did you see what happened?
The crowd sees Amon's mask float to the surface. Korra and Mako walk up to the shattered window as cries of the protesters grow.
Crowd member #2: You bending tyrant!
Protester:  Evil Avatar!
As he is gradually sinking, the water washes away his "scar". Desperate to save himself, Noatak waterbends a spout to get to the surface. As he gasps for air, riding his water spout high above the crowd, he turns to see the people looking at him in shock.
Crowd member #3: He's waterbending.
Feathered hat man: He is a bender.
Protester: Whoa!
Crowd member #4: The scar is fake.
Crowd member #5: The Avatar was telling the truth.
</scene>

<scene>
Noatak looks angrily at Korra, which she reciprocates, before jumping into the water again. As Noatak escapes, Mako tries to stop him by firebending, but he misses every shot. After Noatak escapes, Korra and Mako hug each other. Cut to Aang's statue and subsequently to Air Temple Island. The scene changes to the attic where Tarrlok is imprisoned, as Noatak climbs up the stairs and walks toward his cell.
Tarrlok: Noatak.
Noatak: It's over, brother. I'm sorry for what I had to do to you.
Tarrlok:  Our father set us on this path; fate caused us to collide.  I should have left with you when we were boys.
Noatak:  Leave with me now. We have a second chance. We can start over, together.  Please, you're all I have left in the world.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to shot over Republic City, before switching to a view of Tenzin, Pema, and his family hugging with Naga behind them. Cut to Team Avatar and Lin, who is holding Korra by the shoulders
Lin:  I can't believe Amon got you too.
Bolin:  Hey, at least you unlocked your airbending! 
Mako: Bro, not the time.
Bolin:  Right, right, I'll just stand over here  quietly,  in silence.
</scene>

<scene>
Shot cuts to a view of several ships coming through the bay, before the scene changes to the group standing at the dock. Switch to a close-up of Tenzin and Korra.
Tenzin:  You saved Republic City.
Korra:  But Amon got away. 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a shot of a ship with dragons on the front.
Ikki:  Yay, Uncle Bumi's here!
Bumi:  Waaaa-hoooo! 
Tenzin:  Great, now I have to entertain my brother.
</scene>

<scene>
Camera changes in the middle of the sea with Tarrlok in a boat and Noatak driving.
Noatak:  The two of us together again, there's nothing we can't do!
Tarrlok:  Yes, Noatak.
Noatak: Noatak. Hmph,  I had almost forgotten the sound of my own name.
Tarrlok notices the electrified gloves and looks over to his brother. He takes one, without Noatak seeing him.
Tarrlok:  It will be just like the good old days.
</scene>

<scene>
A tear rolls down Noatak's cheek and Tarrlok electrocutes the fuel tank. Further shot of the boat exploding, forming a giant mushroom cloud. Camera changes back to Southern Water Tribe at the White Lotus compound. The camera moves to a large building on poles with Oogi resting outside. Cut to inside where Pema is changing Rohan under the watchful eye of Ikki and Jinora, while Meelo is sleeping on Tenzin's lap. The camera pans to the right, revealing Bolin, Mako, and Asami sitting on the same couch, all with dejected expressions on their faces. The scene moves on to Senna, who has her eyes closed while resting sadly against Tonraq's shoulder. Tonraq, who has his arm around his wife, and Lin, who is sitting beside him, both stare sadly toward the ground in front of them. Upon hearing the sound of a door sliding open, the three adults quickly raise their heads and turn to the door. Cut to a close frontal shot of a sad-faced Katara opening the door. Korra is sitting in the room behind her, though is blocked from view when the elderly healer shuts the door behind her. As she ventures further into the waiting area, all people present stand up and look expectantly at her.
Katara: I've tried everything in my power,  but ...  I cannot restore Korra's bending. 
Lin:  But you're the best healer in the world, you have to keep trying!
Katara: I'm sorry, there's nothing else I can do. Korra can still airbend, but her connection to the other elements has been severed.
Lin looks disappointed. Korra exits the healing room, sadly looking at the ground. She stops and eyes everyone upon noticing all the people in the room staring back at her.
Tenzin: It's going to be all right Korra.
Korra: No, it's not. 
Mako wants to talk to Korra, but he hesitates at first. He becomes determined and walks out of the house and follows Korra.
Mako: Korra, wait.
Korra:  Go away.
Mako: I will, but I just want you to know, I'm here for you.
Korra: No, I mean, go away, back to Republic City. Get on with your life.
Mako:  What are you talking about?
Korra: I'm not the Avatar anymore. You don't need to do me any favors. 
Mako:  I don't care if you're the Avatar or not. Listen,  when Tarrlok took you I was losing my mind at the thought of never seeing you again, I realized ...  I love you, Korra. 
Korra:  I - I can't. 
Mako: Korra!
</scene>

<scene>
Scene changes to Naga with Korra on her back are heading out from the village.
Tenzin:  We need to be patient with her. It will take time for her to accept what has happened.
Korra arrives with Naga on a cliff above the sea. A tear rolls down her face and the glistening tear falls into the ice below. Korra sits on the ground and begins crying. A man dressed in Air Nomad clothing approaches her, but only his lower half can be seen.
Korra:  Not now Tenzin, I just want to be left alone.
Aang: But you called me here.
Korra:  Aang.
Aang: You have finally connected with your spiritual self.
Korra:  How?
Aang: When we hit our lowest point, we are open to the greatest change.
</scene>

<scene>
The camera pulls back to show the expanse behind Aang. Kyoshi and Roku materialise behind him, followed by Kuruk, Yangchen, Szeto, and many others, stretching far into the distance and all looking at Korra. In the Avatar State, Aang put his hands on Korra's forehead and shoulder and restores her bending. The eyes and, in the case of the Air Nomads, tattoos of the other Avatars glow as well before they all fade away. Korra opens her eyes, showing her entering the Avatar State. She raises herself into the air with airbending and sends a blast of air, fire, and earth. She bends the sea at the bottom of the cliff to make a large wave. Korra exits the Avatar State and looks back to see Mako smiling at her.
Korra:  I love you too.
</scene>

<scene>
Mako and Korra share a kiss and as the camera pans up to the sky. Cuts back to the village where Korra uses the technique that Aang showed her on Lin to restore her bending. Korra's eyes glow as she enters the Avatar State and light emanates from her thumbs as she uses energybending. When Korra has finished, Lin climbs to her feet and simultaneously lifts several large rocks into the air at once. Everyone watches with awed expressions on their faces, Bolin's eyes almost popping out of his head.
Lin: Thank you. 
Tenzin: I am so proud of you, Avatar Korra.
</scene>

<scene>
Korra smiles and the camera shows an aerial view of the village. Cut to the credits.
Main Asami Sato Bolin Iroh Korra Mako Antagonists Equalists Hiroshi Sato Lieutenant Noatak (Amon) Protester: Minor Aang Bumi Ikki Jinora Katara Lin Meelo Naga Pabu Past Avatars (spirit) Tarrlok Tenzin<scene>
Shiro Shinobi:  The Air Nation is reborn. Thanks to the energy shift from Harmonic Convergence, certain people have acquired airbending abilities including Bumi, Kai, and Opal. Although the new recruits show a lot of promise, they still have a lot to learn. While Korra remains safe in Zaofu, Tenzin brings the new airbenders to the Northern Air Temple to begin their training.
</scene>

<scene>
The scene opens to the Northern Air Temple. Cut to a scenic view of a grass plain with hills and the Northern Air Temple in the background. Various colorful spirits mingle and fly about.
Tenzin:  His pupils pleaded with their master  to eat something, but he refused,  just like he had each day during summer.  Instead he meditated and got his nourishment from the universe. So when Tang Xu completed the ninety-seventh day of his historic fast on which island?
Otaku:  Oooh! Oooh!
Tenzin: Anyone besides Otaku, who already studied this in his acolyte training?
Otaku: Ooh, ooh, ooh!
Tenzin: And is answering every question.
Otaku: Ooh! Ooh! Ooh!  Whaletail Island.
Tenzin: That is correct. Again. Now, on day ninety-eight ... 
Bumi:  Greetings, air people. I come seeking boring stories to take back to the Spirit World.
</scene>

<scene>
Bum-Ju flies out of Bumi's tunic and he falls down on the ground. Everyone laughs again, including Jinora. Tenzin glares at his daughter, who quickly sits back in a disciplined posture and clears her throat. Cut to Tenzin and Oogi flying in the sky, showing this to the new recruits.
Kai: That is incredible! When do we get to fly around on our own sky bison like that?
Tenzin: Only after many years of practice and intense training.  Besides, we don't have enough bison here for all of you.
Kai: What about those?  It's a whole herd of bisons. 
Tenzin: Actually, the plural of bison is bison.
Recruits: Whoa! Cool! Wow look at that!
Kai: Can we ride those?
Tenzin: No, that's a wild herd. It would take many years to tame them. Now, let's get back to our lessons.
</scene>

<scene>
Scene shifts to two sky bison carrying the new airbenders, Kya, Pema, Rohan, Meelo, and Ikki.
Meelo:  Dad!  We brought you more airbenders!
The two bison land on the ground.
Tenzin: Okay, everyone is dismissed. We'll pick this up ...  tomorrow.  How is everything in the city?
Pema: Well, we had a little scare but everything is okay. Zaheer infiltrated the air temple.
Tenzin:  What! Is everyone all right?
Kya: Everyone's fine. I fought with him, but he got away. And he stole some old necklace that had something to do with ... Guru ... Lak ... shmir.
Tenzin: Guru Laghima?
Kya: Right ... you know I can never keep all those gurus straight. There were like a million of them. Remember that long, boring story about that guy who never ate?
Tenzin:  Yes ... I remember.
Air Acolyte member: Avatar Korra is calling on the temple's radio.
</scene>

<scene>
The scene shifts to Tenzin picking up the microphone.
Tenzin:  Are you all right? Where are you?
Korra: With Beifong's sister in Zaofu. We're totally safe, unless we get caught in another fight between Su and Lin.
Tenzin: Lin willingly took you to her sister?
Korra: Not exactly. We got a call about an airbender and it turned out to be Su's daughter Opal. She'll be headed your way soon.
Tenzin:  Really? That's wonderful!
Bolin:  She is wonderful, and pretty,  and so smart, and she smells like flowers ...  Sorry. Bolin, out. 
Korra: How's the training going?
Tenzin: Not so well, I'm afraid. No one seems to be interested in the hard work of becoming part of the Air Nation.
Korra: You need to give yourself a break. Let Jinora and the kids help you out, and what about Bumi? He was a naval commander, maybe he has some ideas about how you get people motivated.
Tenzin:  Bumi?! He's my worst student.
Korra: Yeah, but he loves to organize people. If you ask him for help, you can trick him into taking more responsibility by making him think the whole thing with his idea.
Tenzin: That actually sounds like a good plan. You're turning into a pretty wise Avatar after all.
Korra: Conflict resolution, that's what I do.
</scene>

<scene>
Scene shifts to Jinora and Kai looking over the mountain ranges, observing a herd of bison.
Kai: We should go down there. I want to fly one of those bisons.
Jinora: I don't know. We might get in trouble.
Kai: Come on? Let's have some fun. We'll be back before anyone realizes we're gone.
Jinora:  I guess it would be all right.
</scene>

<scene>
Kai and Jinora pick up their gliders to open them and fly down to the lake where the herd of bison is. A group of several spirits look up and watch Kai and Jinora flying and a few accompany them. A little bird-like spirit squeaks and flies in front of Jinora along with other kinds of flying spirits. Jinora gives a smile at the bird-like creature. Cut to an aerial view of the pair flying over a little mountain ridge as they catch sight of bison below near a watering hole.
Kai: Look! Baby bisons.  How come they're on the ground?
Jinora:  Air bison calves can't fly after a week or two after they're born. So the entire herd will stay near the ground, near the valley. 
Kai: Let's go see the babies.
Jinora: Be careful. The mothers are very protective.
Kai lands, folds his glider, and proceeds to pet one of the calves.
Kai: Aww, look how cute!
Jinora: Kai, get out of there!
Jinora notices an adult bison approaching and flies toward Kai. Kai, paralyzed with fear, watches the angry adult bison charge toward him. Jinora flies past and grabs him out of harm's way.
Kai: Wow, you really saved me down there. You know, you're an incredible airbender.
Jinora: Well, I've been training for a long time.
Kai: Then, why don't you have tattoos like an airbending master?
Jinora: My dad says I'm not a master yet.
Kai: You can do everything your dad can.  Plus, you have all these spirit-y powers. If anyone's a master, you are.
</scene>

<scene>
The girl blushes. Cut back to an aerial view of the courtyards outside the air temple, where Bumi is talking to three airbenders.
Bumi:  And so, we bring the net down on  the head pirate, and he looks around real sad and says,  "I knew I should have followed my dreams and become a dentist."
Yung:  How come you grow up to be so cool, while Tenzin became  such a stick-in-the-mud?
Bumi:  Well, I guess cool is something you're born with.
Tenzin:  Bumi, can I talk to you? 
Bumi: Let me guess, you want to criticize me for something?
Tenzin: Actually, I need your help.
Bumi:  Oh yeah. With what?
Tenzin: I don't think I'm doing well with the new airbenders, and everyone knows you're a natural leader. 
Bumi:  True, I did win the Admiral Tung Natural Leadership Award, twice.
Tenzin:  What would you do if you were in charge? Help me be more like you.
Bumi: I'd love to.  You've got to use military discipline to whip these troops into shape. The only way to deal with new recruits is to  break them down so you can  build them back up. Rule with an iron fist.  Show them who the master is. 
Tenzin: Thanks for the insight.
Bumi: My pleasure.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the temple at daybreak, where Tenzin barges into the dorm and uses airbending to blast a horn, waking all the airbenders.
Tenzin:  Dawn patrol! Everyone up!
Bumi: What are you doing? It's barely light out.
Tenzin: I'm taking your advice. I'm going to break you down and build you back up!  Now get moving recruit! 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the mountainside, where Tenzin leaps up the mountain. Jinora follows next, followed by Kai, who stumbles, and the remaining airbenders, who grunt as they prop themselves up the plateaued summit.
Tenzin: Nothing like a ten-mile hike first thing in the morning.
Yung:  Don't these robes come in a warm bison fur version?
Tenzin: No! Of course not. 
Bumi:  If it weren't so cold, I'd go right back to sleep.
Tenzin: Then, this is the perfect time to learn meditation and proper breathing technique. Airbenders are able to warm themselves only with their breathing.  Everyone get into the lotus position. Ah, this is so much more refreshing than sleeping.
Bumi:  You know when I said that thing about an iron fist-
Tenzin: Hush! Meditation time. Focus.
</scene>

<scene>
Bumi sighs and returns to meditation. Cut to the temple, where there are multiple thin wooden posts. The airbenders all sport dark circles from fatigue.
Bumi: Can we go back to bed now?
Tenzin: Now that we're refreshed and loose from our hike and meditation, it's time for a balancing exercise.  The key is to maintain your heaven and earth connection.  Now you try.  Back up your posts! It's not hard if you concentrate.  Get back up!  What's the matter, you can't handle it, soldier? 
Jinora: Don't you think you're a little hard on them.
Tenzin: Don't worry, they can take it. You'll see.  Ignore the lemurs digging in your ears. Concentrate on your breathing and, you won't even know they're there!  When the head is shaved, an airbender is able to feel the wind around him. It is both humbling and freeing.
Kai: Hey, you want to go sneak away and check on the baby bisons?
Jinora: Shhh. You should be paying attention.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a slightly surprised Kai who shrugs and walks away. Tenzin polishes Daw's scalp, which shines.
Tenzin: All right, who's next?
Yung: I'm not sure I want to shave my head.
Tenzin: That's fine, shaving your head is a personal choice.
Daw:  Wait, what?
Tenzin: Anyone else?  Fine! Then we can get to our next training exercise: obstacle course. 
Jinora: You're pushing too hard. Maybe we should give them a break.
Tenzin: Jinora, I have this under control
</scene>

<scene>
Jinora glares at her father. Cut to the obstacle course, which is filled with spinning bells. A female airbender weaves through the bells.
Tenzin: Concentrate! Remember, airbenders move like the wind.
</scene>

<scene>
The airbender weaves through the bells and smiles, before she is struck by a watermelon, plunging into the mud. Cut to Ikki and Meelo, where the former is loading a cannon with watermelons, while the latter smirks and continues firing the cannon. Cut to a rope obstacle, where Otaku is hanging for dear life, while the previous female airbender crosses before being struck by another watermelon. Kai runs through the rope, causing Otaku to lose his grip. Kai runs up the course and confronts the next obstacle: a cactus-ridden balancing obstacle.
Tenzin: Stay light on your feet, and you'll never feel the stinging rash cactus.
</scene>

<scene>
Kai easily leaps through the balancing poles, before crashing into Yung and causing both to fall into the cactus patch. Cut to the cliff, where Kai leaps up with ease, overtaking Bumi and Otaku.
Tenzin: Everyone is waiting for you, Bumi. If you don't make it over the next thirty seconds, they'll all have to run through the course again!
Airbenders: You can do it, Bumi! Come on!
Bumi leaps to the next ledge, loses his grip, and plunges into the mud.
Tenzin: Get back up the wall, recruit! You're letting your fellow airbenders down.
Bumi:  I'm finished! I've never wanted to be an airbender and I'm too old to be back in boot camp.  Count me out!
Tenzin:  Fine, quit! We don't need your attitude in the new Air Nation.
Daw: Master Tenzin, when do we get to go home and visit our families?
Tenzin: Go home? You just got here.
Female airbender: When's dinner? I'm starving.
Yung: Can I change out of my robe now? It's itchy.
Kai: This is just as bad as the Earth Queen's prison.
Tenzin:  I'm tired of all this complaining! Jinora, take over!
Jinora: Does this mean, I'm the master now?
Tenzin: Yes, just lead them through some basic exercises.
Jinora: Well, since I'm a master, when do you think I can get my tattoos?
Tenzin: What brought this on?
Jinora: I was just talking to Kai, and he was asking me, so-
Tenzin: Kai!  What does he know about when you should get tattoos? The answer is "no"! You're just a little girl.
Jinora:  I'm not a little girl anymore. I can airbend just as well as you. I know everything about our culture and history, and I have a stronger connection with the spirits that you ever will.  Lead your own class!
Tenzin: Ikki, Meelo, you're up. Just lead them through the Bagua circle.
Meelo: Look to your left! Look to your right! One of those people will not make it out of here alive.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Jinora, dejectedly looking at a flying bison herd, while Kai walks up to her.
Kai: Sorry what I've said got you into trouble with your dad.
Jinora: It's not your fault. He just can't believe that I'm growing up now and I don't need him telling me what to do like one of his recruits.
Kai:  I know something that'll cheer you up.
Jinora and Kai fly to the valley where they found the bison herd, only to find it empty.
Jinora: Where did all the spirits go?
Kai: Where are the babies?
</scene>

<scene>
Jinora is caught by a fired net. Kai turns and airbends the rustler away. He turns to help Jinora, but is blocked by an earth wall. A rustler fires a net at him. Cut to the rustlers' camp, where they throw Jinora and Kai onto the ground in front of their leader.
Ganbat: What are these kids doing in my camp?
Rustler #1: We caught them sneaking around. Thought they might tell someone we're here.
Ganbat: They're the new airbenders. Must be living up in the temple. Hurry up and gather the rest of the gang and let's get out of here before someone comes looking for these kids. I'll take them to Ba Sing Se, with the rest of the fresh meat.
</scene>

<scene>
Jinora and Kai listen to the proposition with fear. Cut to the temple, where Tenzin is meditating.
Tenzin: Tattoos. How could she think? Focus. Breathe. Bumi ruins everything. Inhale. Focus.
Pema: Taking a little break from teaching?
Tenzin: I've failed. Bumi quit, the rest of the airbenders want to go home. Can't they see that I'm trying to rebuild an entire culture?
Pema: You know, just because these people can airbend, it doesn't automatically make them Air Nomads.
Tenzin: Tell me about it.
Pema: I remembered when I moved down my parents' house to become an Air Acolyte. That first night I was so scared and lonely and the bed was so hard.
Tenzin: It's actually better for your back.  Sorry.
Pema: The point is: I really wanted to be there, but it still took time for me to adjust to feel like I was a part of it all. The people are probably feeling the same way. You have to be patient.
Tenzin: Now I know how Korra feels when I'm talking to her.  Thank you, Pema.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the outside, where Tenzin sees his brother talking to two airbenders.
Tenzin: Bumi, I want to apologize for losing my patience.
Bumi:  I'm not talking to you. 
Tenzin: Hey! Get back here.  Where's Jinora?
Yung: I saw her fly off on her glider with her boyfriend.
Tenzin:  What?  Her boyfriend?  Kai!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the rustlers' camp, where Jinora, Kai and the bison calves are locked in cages.
Jinora: How can you steal these bisons? They're endangered.
Ganbat: Well, that's why they're worth so much. The Earth Queen and her fancy friends pay big money for bison steaks and other rare meats. I even heard she ate her dad's pet bear.
Jinora: You're disgusting. 
Kai: Hey, do that spirit beaming thing you did to find me. Go to the temple for help.
Jinora: I can't. I'm all cramped in here and I need quiet and time to focus. But, maybe I can send a message.  Spirits, I need your help.  Go find Bum-Ju, tell him we're in trouble.
</scene>

<scene>
The spirit flies out of the cage. Cut to the temple, where Bum-Ju chittters to Bumi
Bumi: No, I don't think I should apologize. Tenzin just wants to boss everybody around. I'm too old for that.  Well, let's face it. I'm just not cut out to be an airbender!  Well, that's your opinion.  Wait, Jinora sent this spirit? Is she in trouble?
</scene>

<scene>
Bum-Ju and the spirit fly off, while Bumi gives chase. Cut to the airbenders, who are being trained by Meelo.
Bumi: Jinora's in trouble. We have to go get her.
Yung: How do you know?
Bumi: Bum-Ju's friend told me.
Otaku: You're able to communicate with the spirits?
Bumi: More or less, I get the gist. Let's go.
Daw: Shouldn't Master Tenzin be dealing with this? I don't want to get into trouble
Bumi: Master Tenzin isn't here. It's up to us. Ikki and Meelo, grab some bison. Airbenders, move out!
</scene>

<scene>
The airbenders follow the spirit on two flying bison, where they land on a cliffside overlooking the camp. Cut to Bumi spying on the rustlers with a telescope.
Bumi: Bison rustlers. They've got Kai and Jinora locked in crates. Looks like they're getting ready to leave, we'll have to move fast.
Daw: I don't know if I'm ready to get in a fight with some bison rustlers. I can tell without that telescope that they're mean-looking.
Bumi:  Listen, this is what we've been training for.
Daw: We haven't been training that long.
Bumi: That's not important now. Remembered how we persevered together on that obstacle course?
Otaku: You actually quit.
Bumi:  Well, I'm not quitting now. I know we've had a tough time, me more than anyone, but we're airbenders, and there aren't many of us so we've got to stick together. They've got two of our own in cages out there, and we're not leaving until we bring them home.
Meelo: Leave no airbender behind!
The rustler closes and locks a cage with a bison calf. As the calves whimper, Kai takes two twigs and picks the lock.
Kai: In. Down. And twist.
Kai manages to free himself and the calf tumbles free of the cage. He proceeds to free Jinora.
Jinora: Free the bison first.
Bison rustler #2:  Hey! What are you doing out?
</scene>

<scene>
Kai airbends the rustler away, alerting the other rustlers, who run up to him. Meanwhile, the other airbenders charge into the camp. The rustlers, noticing the airbenders, defend themselves from the air blasts with an earth wall. Kai prepares to attack Ganbat, who is able to detect the attack and knocks Kai away with earthbending. Cut to Daw, who is nearly captured by a net, though he is able to feel the wind coming from the fired net, allowing him to narrowly dodge the attack before counter-attacking. Ganbat splits the airbender group with earthbending, but Meelo is able to leap up the earth wall and knock him off. Two airbenders, riding on Ikki's air scooter, sneak up another rustler and managed to ambush him. Bumi lets out a war cry and the airbenders charge the camp. While Meelo defeats the final rustler, Ganbat enters the truck and drives it away.
Jinora: Kai!
</scene>

<scene>
Kai grabs his glider and pursues the truck. Cut to Tenzin, riding on Oogi when three adult bison fly past them. Tenzin watches the bison approach a truck.
Tenzin: What's going on down there?
Jinora: Kai! Help!
Tenzin: I'm coming Jinora.
Kai catches up and enters the truck, knocking Ganbat down, though he is able to regain control and restrains Kai. The rustler looks in shock as he sees adult bison approaching the truck.
Ganbat: What the ...
Tenzin directs Oogi to knock against the truck. Kai leaps off the truck and onto Oogi. An adult bison stops in front of the truck and airbends, stunning Ganbat. Kai leaps off Oogi angrily.
Ganbat: You got me. I give up.
Kai aggressively sweeps a gust of air at Ganbat, flinging him against the truck.
Kai:  You think you can kidnap Jinora, and all these baby bisons?!
Kai throws Ganbat upward before slamming him against the truck once more. Before he can attack, Tenzin stops him by grabbing his staff.
Tenzin: Kai, that's enough! An airbender never attacks a defenseless opponent.  But that was very good technique.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the valley at evening, where the spirits roam about once more. Bumi locks the cage, which contains a sullen Ganbat.
Bumi: Maybe you boys haven't heard, but there's some new airbenders on these parts. And you never mess with an airbender's bison.
Daw:  Without my shaved head, I'd never could have dodged that net. I really felt it coming at me. You guys should totally get shaved.
Tenzin:  I'm proud of you. Your connection with the spirits, natural leadership, you remind me of Dad.
Bumi: I'm sorry I've been causing you so much trouble. I guess I was just scared of not being able to measure up as an airbender. You know, even though I'm Aang's son, I never really felt that I was a part of the Air Nation before.
Tenzin:  You are now.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the bison herd, where Ikki and Meelo are playing with the calves while Jinora and Kai snuggle the mother bison. The mother bison licks Jinora.
Kai: They're so friendly now.
Tenzin: The bison are the original airbenders. They recognize their own kind.
Jinora:  I'm sorry for running off.
Tenzin: I'm just lucky no one's hurt.
Jinora: I know.
Tenzin: But I also realized that perhaps I was too harsh on you.
Jinora: Does that mean I can get my airbender tattoos?
Tenzin: It's hard for me to believe that my little girl is grown up enough to have her tattoos. I'll promise I'll think about it. Fair enough?
Jinora: Yeah.
Kai: Jinora, look. They're flying!
The calves awkwardly ascend, bleating and kicking their feet aimlessly.
Tenzin:  I guess everyone is growing up.
Fades to credits.
Main Bumi Daw Ikki Jinora Kai Meelo Otaku Tenzin Yung Antagonists Bison rustlers: Minor Bolin Bum-Ju Korra Kya Mako Oogi Pema<scene>
Tenzin: Earth.  Fire.  Air.  Water.  When I was a boy, my father, Avatar Aang, told me the story of how he and his friends heroically ended the Hundred Year War.  Avatar Aang and Fire Lord Zuko  transformed the Fire Nation colonies into the United Republic of Nations,  a society where benders and nonbenders from all over the world could live and thrive together in peace and harmony.  They named the capital of this great land, Republic City.  Avatar Aang accomplished many remarkable things in his life.  But sadly, his time in this world came to an end. And like the cycle of the seasons, the cycle of the Avatar began anew. 
</scene>

<scene>
The episode opens to footage of the sky while it is snowing. The camera pans down to reveal the dimly lit houses of the Southern Water Tribe, and three people, with one holding a lantern, near the city. They walk up a hilltop and gaze over the city. The scene pans to the left, showing the houses of the tribe. Switch to the front of a house as the three people arrive at it; the owner comes out, holding a lantern.
Tonraq: The White Lotus has honored my family by coming.  Thank you.
The man pushes open the door to grant the three Lotus members entrance to his house. Inside, a woman with two braids is sweeping the floor with a broom. As she notices the visitors, she stops.
Senna:  Welcome.
</scene>

<scene>
A shield hanging on the wall falls down and rolls across the ground to come to a stop near her. Cut to a shot of the three guests entering while they remove the hoods of their coats, revealing their faces. There are two men, one tall and one short, and a woman.
White Lotus leader: We have investigated many claims, both here and in the Northern Tribe. All have turned out to be false.
Tonraq walks toward his wife and puts his hand over her shoulder. Upon hearing the doubt of the White Lotus leader, the duo smiles at each other.
Senna:  Then you should be happy to know, your search has come to an end. 
White Lotus leader:  What makes you so sure your daughter is the one?
Senna: Korra! Please come in here!
Suddenly, a slab of earth flies past the three members of the White Lotus, whose eyes all grow big in astonishment. Quickly turning to the right to see who bent the earth, a young girl stands within a round hole in the wall, regarding the members of the Order.
Korra:  I'm the Avatar! You gotta deal with it!
</scene>

<scene>
She jumps forward, and punches to the left, leaving a trail of fire. Performing a roundhouse kick, she sends a small fire arc toward the White Lotus members, making them slightly back away. She subsequently extends a small portion of the earth from the ground, causing the members to fall back even more. Sending another fire blast toward them, she sets the corner of the White Lotus leader's coat on fire. The leader immediately extinguishes the flames by retracting water from a small puddle on the ground. The camera pans up to show the impressed and surprised looks on the faces of the White Lotus members. Shift to a frontal view of young Korra, as she displays waterbending by raising a trail of water to her left. She proceeds to stomp the ground, levitating a chunk of earth, and slamming it away to her right. Finally, she bends a fire stream at the camera, blocking the entire camera's view of the scene. When the fire dissipates, a seventeen-year-old Korra, who is wearing red armor, emerges from it, and quickly kicks two fire blasts toward a man wearing the same armor. The man raises his arms in protection, but he is still sent flying and crashes to the ground. As Korra lands, two men, wearing the same armor as well, simultaneously shoot fire streams at her. The camera moves back to reveal that five people are observing the fight. The scene cuts to Korra as she is engulfed in a ball of flames and removed from view, but she dissipates the fire by moving her hands in a circular motion. As she takes on a fighting stance again, one of the men charges her, shooting three fire blasts at the Avatar, but she dodges the first one, dissipates the second with a grunt, dodges the third, and rushes forward. When the man jumps up and sends two fire arcs in her direction, Korra tumbles underneath the flames, and extends her leg, throwing him off balance. He flips over several times and crashes to the ground, but manages to stand up right away. Korra, now in between the two men, catches the fire stream of the man in front of her head on, while she also kicks back the guy that was charging her from behind, knocking him down. Retaliating with fire blasts of her own, she manages to knock down the firebender. Quickly turning back and forth to defend herself against incoming fire blasts from both men, she powers up her own attack and fires it at the man in front of her, sending him flying all the way up a nearby triangular roof of a small building near the training grounds, where he slides down unconscious, leaving a trail of smoke. The scene changes to the five spectators, who turn out to be an elderly Katara and four members of the Order of the White Lotus, one dressed in red.
Katara:  She's strong.
White Lotus leader:  She lacks restraint.
</scene>

<scene>
Scene changes to the last firebender charging Korra while showering her with a fire stream. She runs toward the individual, smiling confidently. The camera moves back to show how Korra runs straight into the fire blast, parts it, and pushes the man's arms apart, effectively stopping his bending. She uses him as a step-up to propel herself into the air. From her elevated position, she kicks a fire arc in the bender's direction, and proceeds to shower him with a powerful fire stream as she descends. The man tries to block, but is thrown backward, where he sags down and slowly falls on his back with a light groan in defeat, smoking lightly.
Korra:  Woohoo!  Hey, why all the doom and gloom, people?  We should be celebrating!  Three elements down,  one to go!
Firebending master:  You're getting ahead of yourself as usual, Korra. We haven't decided if you passed your firebending test yet.
White Lotus leader: Ever since you were a little girl, you've excelled at the physical side of bending, but completely ignored the spiritual side.  The Avatar must master both.
Korra:  I haven't ignored it, it just doesn't come as easy to me.  But that's why I should start training with Tenzin immediately.  He's Mister Spiritual.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to an aerial shot of Korra and the elders. One of the White Lotus members slightly moves forward to address Katara, who is standing at the end of the line-up.
White Lotus leader: Do you believe she's ready, Master Katara?
Katara:  Yes. If anyone can teach her what she needs to learn, it's Tenzin.
White Lotus leader: Very well, Korra. It's time for you to begin your airbending training.
Korra:  Yes! Finally!  I mean,  thank you all for believing in me.
</scene>

<scene>
Smiling innocently, she slowly starts walking away, still eying the elders. Unable to contain her excitement any longer, she breaks into a run and leaves the training grounds. Cut to a brief close-up of Katara smiling, before cutting back to Korra dashing off some stairs toward the stables, and opens the gate.
Korra:  Naga, you should have seen it!  I kicked some firebender butt, and I passed!  Tenzin will be here in a few days.
</scene>

<scene>
Korra scratches Naga's head. She laughs gleefully when Naga licks her face in return. Cut to an aerial shot of a compound at the Southern Water Tribe, tall, thick walls and a huge, richly decorated gate now surrounding it. The scene slowly moves to inside the walls, where Korra is riding Naga toward the gate. A White Lotus sentry walks toward the edge of his guard tower and looks down on Korra.
Korra:  Just taking Naga out for a stroll.  Don't worry, we're not going far.
</scene>

<scene>
Complying, the guard walks back. The sun, now peering through the growing crack formed by the opening gates, moves over a broadly smiling Korra. A back shot of Korra leading Naga out the gates, changes to an overview shot of two White Lotus members eyeing Korra from atop a nearby mountain as she rides Naga over the large, snow-covered plains in the background. Cut to a side shot of Korra riding Naga.
Korra: Naga, go!  That a girl. Go! Go! Go!
</scene>

<scene>
The camera pans out, as the polar bear dog starts running faster and faster. Switch to a frontal view of Korra moving up and down, swaying along with Naga's movements. Cut to an aerial shot of the Southern Water Tribe, as a flying bison heads toward it, losing altitude. Switch to a shot from behind Korra and Katara, who are watching the bison's arrival.
Ikki:  Are we there yet? Are we there yet? Are we there yet?  It looks like we're there.  I know it, this is very familiar! Are we here yet? Are we here yet? Ooh, please tell me we're here!
Tenzin:  Yes, Ikki,  as I've been telling you for the last fifteen minutes, we are,  finally, here.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to an aerial shot as Ikki and Jinora excitedly jump off the bison, riding off its tail on air scooters. Tenzin descends from his bison, as Katara walks up to him.
Tenzin: Hello, Mother.  I can't tell you how happy I am to see you.  Please, help me.
Katara laughs warmly as Tenzin bows to allow her to take Meelo off his shoulders and into her arms.
Meelo:  Unhand me, strange woman!
Tenzin: That's your grandmother, Meelo.
Meelo nimbly pushes off on Katara's hand, who looks surprised, and somersaults above her head, landing on the ground behind her. He quickly dashes out from behind her, while Katara's expression changes from utter surprise to a loving smile.
Katara:  It's so good to see all of you.
Jinora:  Gran Gran, I've been reading all about your old adventures. I've been dying to ask you: What happened to Zuko's mom?
Katara: Well, Jinora, it's an incredible tale--
To her surprise, she is interrupted by Ikki, who jumps right in between Katara and Jinora.
Ikki:  Gran Gran, you look old. How old are you? And why is it so cold in the South Pole?  Can we make a campfire, and all huddle around it, and tell scary stories, and make snowmen?  And then can you make the snowmen move with waterbending and chase us? Wouldn't that be  fuuun? Huh?  Wouldn't it?
Tenzin:  Pema, let me help you. Careful now, careful.
Tenzin helps his pregnant wife walk the first few steps, until she retracts her hand.
Pema: Stop doting on me. I'm not helpless, I'm just pregnant.
</scene>

<scene>
Both Tenzin and Pema lay their hands on her protruding belly. The camera moves back to show how Pema descends the last few steps off the bison's tail. Katara walks up to her, and gives her a hug.
Katara: The baby's strong.  I see another airbender in your future.
</scene>

<scene>
Suddenly, Pema's face becomes slightly unhappy. Cut to a side shot as she starts talking to Katara.
Pema:  All I want is one child like me,  a nice non-bender, who doesn't  blast wind in my face every five seconds.
Meelo:  Mommy, look,  I'm a snowbender!
Pema:  Were Tenzin and his siblings this crazy when they were kids?
Katara:  Kya and Bumi certainly were, but  Tenzin has always been ...  rather serious.
Tenzin:  Mother, please.
Katara smiles broadly at her son. Korra stands a few meters behind her, calmly waiting with her hands behind her back. Tenzin notices her.
Tenzin: Korra?  Look at you, so big and strong.  You've grown into quite the young Avatar.
Korra:  Master Tenzin, I'm so glad you're here. I can't wait to get started.
Tenzin:  Yes, well ... 
Pema:  You're going to have to tell her sooner or later.
Korra:  Tell me what?
Katara:  You're not staying, are you?
Tenzin:  I'm afraid not. We're only visiting for the night. Then I have to return to Republic City.
Korra:  But ... no, you're supposed to move here.  You're supposed to teach me.
Tenzin:  I'm sorry, Korra. Your airbending training is going to have to wait.
</scene>

<scene>
Fade to black, before the camera changes to an aerial shot of the Southern Water Tribe at night.
Korra:  So, how long until you're ready to teach me airbending?  A week? A month?
Tenzin:  It could be much longer.
Korra:  I don't understand. Why are you making me wait?
Tenzin:  I have a responsibility to Republic City. I am one of its leaders, and the situation there is very unstable right now.
Korra:  But you also have a responsibility to teach me.  Believe me, I'd be happy to find another airbending master, but you're the only one.  We're stuck with each other.
Tenzin: I wish there were another way.
Korra:  Wait, there is! If you can't stay here, then I'll go back to Republic City with you! It's perfect!
White Lotus leader: Absolutely not!  The city is far too dangerous. Avatar Aang tasked us with keeping you safe while you mastered the four elements.
Korra:  I get that, but I don't think keeping me locked up in this compound like a prisoner is what he had in mind.
Tenzin:  I know this is difficult to accept, but it's not the right time for you to come to the city.
Korra:  Whatever. 
</scene>

<scene>
Scene changes to the next day on the courtyard, where Tenzin, Ikki, Jinora, Meelo, and Pema are sitting on the sky bison, ready to take off. Everyone except Tenzin is waving to Katara, who waves back.
Ikki: Goodbye, Gran Gran!
Tenzin:  Oogi, yip-yip!
</scene>

<scene>
The bison grunts and pushes off. Katara follows its ascent, wiping a tear from her left eye. Cut to a far-off shot of a cliff where someone is sitting at the rim. The camera slowly zooms in on it, and suddenly changes to a close-up shot of Korra perched atop Naga as Oogi flies past them. They both follow the bison's path with their gazes, Naga whimpering softly. Switch to a back shot of the duo as the camera zooms out, revealing that they are being watched by a member of the White Lotus. Cut to a close-up of Korra's sad expression. As she lifts her eyes toward the horizon where the bison flew toward, her look suddenly becomes serious and determined. Cut to an aerial shot of the lit stables at night. The slowly zooming in scene changes to a frontal view of Naga in her shed as she stands up when Korra comes running into the scene. Side-view of Korra, who takes Naga's saddle that hangs on a pole, and starts to saddle up her mount. As she is busy tightening the straps of the saddle, she is startled by a voice behind her.
Katara: Nice night for an escape, isn't it?
Korra turns while standing up to see Katara, as the view switches to reveal Katara standing at the stable's entrance.
Korra:  I have to leave. I have to find my own path as the Avatar.
Katara:  I know you do.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut back to Korra, her looks changing from a sad to a grateful one. She tilts her head and closes her eyes as a silent thank you. The point of view changes to a back shot of Korra, showing Katara.
Katara: Aang's time has passed.  My brother and many of my friends are gone.  It's time for you and your generation to take over the responsibility of keeping peace and balance in the world.  And I think you're going to be a great Avatar.
Korra:  Thank you.
Katara:  Goodbye, Korra.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a far-off shot of the Southern Water Tribe. Suddenly, a good distance away from the compound, in the front of the scene, the snow trembles and is pushed aside. Korra and Naga emerge from the tunnel. Korra waits for Naga to shake off the snow of her pelt before mounting her and riding away. Cut to an aerial shot of Korra hugging both her parents at once outside of their house. Light emanating from the open door of the house casts a long shadow over the snow.
Korra: Mom, Dad.  I'll miss you.
Senna:  We love you so much.
</scene>

<scene>
Korra runs up to Naga, turning away from her sad-looking parents. She climbs on the polar bear dog, the black silhouettes of her parents hugging each other in the background as they watch their daughter. She casts one last look at her parents, and leads Naga away, riding in the opposite direction. Cut to footage of an engine-powered ship sailing in the sea. Cut to a Satomobile in the tonnage. Camera pans to the right, revealing Naga and Korra lying behind some crates. Switch to a closer shot. Naga's sleeping, with Korra resting against her flank, her arms held behind her back, looking content. Cut to a frontal shot of the pleased girl. Cut to an aerial shot of the ship sailing away from the Southern Water Tribe, before cutting to a wide side shot of the ship sailing in the distance the next morning. Switch to Naga and Korra, both asleep in the tonnage. Hearing metal-like sounds, Korra wakes up, glances around, and rubs her eyes.
Korra:  Naga, we're here!
</scene>

<scene>
Korra runs off camera. Scene switches to the ship's metal loading doors opening. Cut to a frontal shot of an excited Korra hiding behind some crates, shading her eyes against the bright sunlight, now peering in the dark room. She glances briefly forward and runs back toward Naga. Switch to dock workers unloading crates of the ship. Suddenly, Naga runs past them, Korra mounted on her, much to their surprise. Cut to a frontal shot as the polar bear dog dashes out of the tonnage, knocking over a stunned dock worker, who grunts as he falls down.
Korra:  Thanks for the ride!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to an overview shot of the dock, as Korra rides away on Naga toward a large suspension bridge leading toward the city. Switch to a closer shot as she pulls up nearly at the base of the bridge. Two airships are floating above. The camera pans to the left, revealing the entire bridge and the skyline of Republic City with many buildings and skyscrapers.
Korra:  Wow, look at this place.  I've never seen so many Satomobiles!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Korra riding toward the overview at the water, Aang's statue in front of her. Shift to a close-up of the statue. The zooming in close-up switches to a zooming in close-up of Korra, who is staring at it in awe. Cut back to a wider back shot of the new Avatar as the scene pans to the left, showing that the statue is not far from Air Temple Island.
Korra: Air Temple Island. That's where Tenzin lives.  You ready for a little swim, girl?  Okay, okay! Food first, then air temple!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a shot of airships above, as the camera pans below to an overview shot of a road with riding Satomobiles. A Satomobile honks and suddenly swerves to the left, as Korra and Naga come running into the camera in the middle of the road.
Korra: Watch out, Naga! Look out!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a side shot as the polar bear dog only narrowly avoids a collision with a rapidly incoming truck. The truck brakes, and slides horizontally over the road, slamming into another Satomobile. As Naga runs on, Korra looks back at the damage they inflicted.
Pedestrian: Watch where you're going!
Korra:  Whoops, sorry about that. Excuse us. Coming through. Heads up. Eh, sorry, we're new in town.
Naga comes to an open square and slows down, bending over to smell the ground, in order to pinpoint the exact location of the smell. Naga follows her nose toward a small food stall, its wall comprised of an orange cloth. The polar bear dog goes to the side of the stall and sticks her head through the curtains. Switch to a shot from inside the shop as first Naga's sniffing nose and her entire head appear. The food stall appears to be selling different kinds of meat. Korra sticks her head through the curtain as well. Naga opens her mouth to start devouring the food, but is halted by a stern command from Korra.
Korra:  Naga, wait.  We'll take one of everything, please.
Shopkeeper:  That will be twenty yuans.
Korra: Uh ... I don't have any money?
Shopkeeper:  Then what good are you to me?
Korra:  Don't worry, girl.  The city's huge. I bet we could find a place to rustle up something to eat.
</scene>

<scene>
Korra keeps her hand on Naga's neck, looking down upon her pet, who walks on slowly, keeping her head down in sadness. Scene changes to Korra frying three fish on a stick with her firebending, as Naga searches the pond for more fish. As Korra takes the middle fish on a stick, Naga manages to catch a fish herself. The camera zooms out, revealing that Korra is fishing in the pond of a park. Shot cuts back to a broadly grinning Korra, who fries the fish again before blowing on it. A man appears in the bush next to her, eying her with a crazed grin on his face. As Korra happily bites in the fish, she notices the man to her left and gasps. Switch to a frontal view as the man emerges from the bushes.
Gommu: Uh, say, think I can I get one of them tasty-smelling  fishies?
Korra:  Oh, uh, yeah, sure.
He waggles up to Korra with big, weird steps, snatches a fish on a stick, and squats down, ferociously devouring the fish while smacking loudly.
Korra:  So, do you ... live in  that bush?
Gommu: Yes, presently that is what I do call home. Took me a while to procure a bush that beauteous.  This park is quite popular with all the vagabonds.
Korra:  So there are a lot of you out here? I thought everyone in this city was "living it up".
Gommu:  Hey, you've got a lot to learn, newcomer.  Welcome to Republic City.
Korra arcs her eyebrows and gazes at Gommu, slightly unnerved. Suddenly, they hear the voice of a guard from a bridge over the pond nearby.
Guard:  Hey, you!  Stop! You can't fish here!
As the guard runs toward Korra and Gommu, the vagabond jumps up and runs toward his bush.
Gommu:  You best skedaddle!
</scene>

<scene>
Gommu dives in his bush, head first while Korra whistles on her fingers. Naga comes running toward her, and Korra runs a few steps along with the animal before hoisting herself on Naga's back, and rides away. The guard runs after her, blowing his whistle and waving his truncheon. Cut to a frontal shot of the guard as he reaches the spot where Korra and the vagabond were sitting moments earlier. He halts his pursuit, resting his hands on his knees, panting heavily. Gommu emerges from the bushes behind him and waves after Korra. Cut to a shot of Korra and Naga walking around the park. One of the passersby eyes Naga with interest.
Protester:  Are you tired of living under the tyranny of benders? Then join the Equalists!  For too long, the bending elite of this city  have forced nonbenders to live as lower class citizens. Join Amon, and together we will tear down the bending establishment.
Korra:  What are you talking about?  Bending is the coolest thing in the world.
Protester:  Oh yeah? Let me guess: you're a bender.
Korra:  Yeah, I am.
Protester:  Then I bet you'd just love to knock me off this platform with some waterbending, huh?
Korra:  I'm seriously thinking about it.
Protester:  This is what's wrong with this city! Benders like this girl only use their power to oppress us!
The protester angrily glares at Korra, his spectators turning to her as well.
Crowd:  Yeah! Get out of here!
Korra:  What? I'm not oppressing anyone!  You're ... you're oppressing yourselves!
Protester:  That didn't even make sense.
</scene>

<scene>
Under the protesting scream of the crowd, Korra turns Naga and they walk away. Scene changes to an overview shot of Korra walking alongside Naga on a street, the view panning up as they go. Cut to a closer shot as she reaches a young man and an elderly lady sitting in front of a shop, talking to each other.
Korra: Excuse me, I think I'm lost.  How do I get to Air Temple Island from here?
Old woman:  Just head down this street.
</scene>

<scene>
The scene changes to a shot of the street Korra needs to walk down as the old lady directs her there. At that moment, a red Satomobile turns down the street and heads toward the shops.
Old woman:  You should get moving, young lady.  It isn't safe.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the Satomobile that pulls up and stops. The front is ornamented with a golden plaque of a lion turtle. As it comes to a complete stop, three people get out, and approach a phonograph vendor who is cleaning one of his products.
Viper:  Mr. Chung, please tell me that you have my money,  or else I can't guarantee I can protect your fine establishment. 
Chung:  I'm sorry, business has been slow. Please,  take one of my phonographs.
Without even taking his hands out of his pockets, the firebender effortlessly smacks the object out of the vendor's hands with a half moon spinning fire kick, reducing the phonograph to a burning pile of rubbish. Chung jumps back to avoid the blast, falling to the ground.
Viper:  My friend here is not a music lover.  Give me the money, or else -
Korra:  Or else what, hoodlum?
</scene>

<scene>
The point of view turns along with the gangsters to reveal Korra standing confidently behind them, her hands on her hips. Cut to an aerial shot, and back to the three gangsters, who eye each questioningly for a second before bursting out in laughter.
Viper:  Since you're obviously fresh off the boat, let me explain a couple things.  You're in Triple Threat Triad territory, and we're about to put you , in the hospital.
Korra:  You're the only ones who are gonna need a hospital  and, for your sake, I hope there's one nearby.
</scene>

<scene>
The gangsters adopt a confused look. Cut to Korra, who rubs her right fist into her left palm with a wicked look.
Viper:  Who do you think you are?
Korra:  Why don't you come and find out?
</scene>

<scene>
Close-up of Viper's eyes as they twitch enraged. The scene moves back as he suddenly bends a water bullet from an unseen water skin from under his coat. Korra stops the water easily with one hand and sends it right back at the gangster, freezing the water over his head. His balance lost, the man stumbles forward toward Korra, who hits him against the head with a back spinning kick, due to which he slams head first against the golden ornament on the Satomobile. The ice around his head shatters as he sags down. Two Toed Ping recoils, as a "that must have hurt"-look dons his face. Point of view changes to a shot from alongside the Satomobile, as the earthbender gangster, enraged by what happened to his friend, charges Korra by jumping up. However, before he could land and earthbend, she extends the portion of earth where he was going to land on, catapulting him high into the air. Cut to the elderly woman and the young man at the fruit stand, their faces squeezed tightly against each other and their gaze following the flying earthbender.
Old woman:  What just happened?
Young man:  Did she just earthbend?
</scene>

<scene>
The two lower their gaze as the scene switches to the earthbender falling on a wire suspended from one building to the other. From the wire, the man is catapulted again a wooden advertising board, falls down on the pentice of a shop, and is thrown into a tapestry, which rips under his weight. The man falls down onto a shop display before flopping on the ground where he lies still. Seeing two of his allies defeated, Two Toed Ping aggressively bends a large fire stream at Korra. The fire fills the entire camera, but is soon parted by a cockily grinning Korra. She jumps forward, deflecting the man's fire by holding two small flames in her palms. As she reaches the man, she grabs his hands. The man screams in fright.
Old woman:  Can she firebend, too?
Young man:  Could she be?
</scene>

<scene>
Scene changes to a side-view of Korra turning the gangster around one time to build up momentum. Close-up of her face as she grunts in effort. Scene broadens as she throws the man through the window of a radio shop. Switch to a shot from inside the shop where the man lies defeated. Korra slowly walks up to him.
Korra:  Got an idea about who I am now, chumps?
</scene>

<scene>
Hearing the roaring engine of the Satomobile, Korra looks to her right. The camera view widens to show how the car comes tearing down the street toward her. Korra moves aside to avoid being run over. The Satomobile pulls over at the radio shop where Two Toed Ping comes stumbling out.
Mushi:  Come on!
Two Toed Ping jumps out of the broken window onto the street, and runs after the car in a stumbling fashion. The earthbender gangster extends the part of earth where he was running, causing him to fly inside the Satomobile with a yelp.
Korra:  You're not getting away!
</scene>

<scene>
She flexes her arms in front of her, earthbending a fissure at the vehicle, catapulting it into the air where it tumbles a few times before falling down and crashing into a shop at the other side of the road. Korra starts running toward them. Switch to a shot from inside the shop where the car drove in to. As the smoke starts to clear, the banged-up car and gangsters are seen. When Korra arrives at the smashed window of the shop, the door of the Satomobile flips open, causing Viper and the earthbender gangster to fall on the ground, grunting. Close-up of a pleased-looking Korra with her hands on her hips and Naga standing beside her, looking at the defeated gangsters. Suddenly, an alarm sounds from up above. Naga starts howling with it, while Korra raised her head to look where the sound is coming from. The camera pans up, showing the arrival of an airship.
Metalbending cops:  Police! Freeze where you are!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a shot of the airship as a hatch opens on the side, before switching to a back shot of a metalbending cop ready to jump out; three cops jump out from it. Cut to a close-up of a cop's face, before cutting to the cops anchoring their metal cables on the nearby buildings, securing a safe landing.
Korra:  Cool! Metalbenders!
</scene>

<scene>
Switch to Korra, who watches them land. As she looks up, the scene switches to a fourth cop coming down and landing gently. Close-up of the fourth cop's hands from a downward position looking as he retracts the metal cables in his armor. Shot widens to Korra and the three gangsters, who stumble out of the destroyed store with groans.
Korra:  I caught the bad guys for you, officers.
Saikhan:  Arrest them!
</scene>

<scene>
The other three cops run forward and bend their metal cables to secure the three thugs. With their arms tied to their body, they fall down. Cut to a side shot of Korra and Captain Saikhan who had walked up to her, while the three cops each take a gangster in the background and lead them away.
Saikhan:  You're under arrest, too.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a shocked Korra as she gasps. Scene blacks out and changes to a side shot of Korra and Saikhan.
Korra:  What do you mean I'm under arrest?  Those are the bad guys over there! They were smashing up a shop!
Saikhan:  From the looks of it, you smashed up a lot more than that.
He takes on a fighting stance shoots a cable to bind Korra. However, she quickly moves out of the way and snatches the cable out of the air, holding it back.
Korra: Wait, you - you can't arrest me!  Let me explain!
Saikhan:  You can explain yourself all you like, down at headquarters.
</scene>

<scene>
Saikhan managed to withdraw the cables, and charges Korra. He bends the cables again at her, who ducks and tumbles backward. She is just in time to push herself on her feet again, as Saikhan smashes the ground with his cables where Korra was just moments before. Naga grunts, and comes to the defense of her owner, pushing Saikhan down from behind. There are more metalbending cops now, looking shocked and angered at the events occurring in front of them, and they rush forward to apprehend Korra. Switch to Korra mounting Naga, dashing away as the cops arrive, who give chase. Cut to a frontal view of Naga as she turns to the left into an alley. One of the cops launches himself forward as Naga slows down for the turn. Korra plants her left foot on his face and pushes him back, knocking him on the ground. One of the pursuers stays behind to take care of their fallen friend, while the other bends out a cable to bind an overhead wire. As soon as the cable secures itself, the scene changes to a back shot of the policeman hoisting himself off the ground. He nimbly lands on one of the overhanging cables, and slides over it in hot pursuit of Naga. He bends two cables at the running polar bear dog, but misses, smashing up the tiles of the street. Switch to a side-view of Naga dashing through the street, her tongue out of her mouth, and Korra hunched over her. The animal suddenly turns to the right into another street, narrowly avoiding more cables. Some civilians shriek at the sight, afraid. Cut to an overhead shot as Korra and Naga reach a bridge over a small stream. One of the cops smashes up some roof tiles while sliding over it. He jumps off, bending his cables toward Korra. Close side shot of the girl, as the cables wrap themselves around her ponytail. She grunts in pain and angrily bends the water of the stream behind her, immediately turning it to ice, creating a wall. The cop, sliding over a cable, is pulled forward by the fact that he is still connected to Korra and she is still moving. He yells, and his expression changes to one of horror as he sees the icy obstruction up ahead. He crashes against the wall at high speed. The moment he does so, the scene changes to Korra, the cables releasing her hair. Gasping, she looks over her shoulder. The scene switches to her point of view, showing the ice slightly cracked where the cop crashed into it, his silhouette clearly visible. He slowly slides down with a squeaking sound. Korra turns back, smiling contently. Cut to a back shot as Naga runs out the street, and up some stairs. Switch to a frontal view of the top of the stairs as Naga suddenly appears. A Satomobile driver has to step hard on his brakes. The car slips and halts across the road, while Naga keeps on running.
Driver: Hey!
</scene>

<scene>
Side shot of Korra riding Naga, as two cops slide over two overhead wires to her left. She looks at them, and jerks Naga's reins, leading her to the right. A train just passes underneath the bridge. Frontal view as Naga leaps off the bridge and lands atop the train. Sliding forward, the animal nearly slips off, but she manages to remain on the roof. Korra, perched over Naga, sighs in relief. Sitting upright, she looks to the right, where Air Temple Island can be seen in the distance. Cut back to Korra, as a shadow passes over her face, and an alarm sounds. She looks up, and the camera pans up to reveal the airship of the metalbending cops. Korra straightens the reins with a determined look upon her face. Naga runs forward. As the train takes a turn to the right, Naga jumps off toward the roof of an adjacent building. As soon as the polar bear dog touches down, several cables are shot from up above, successfully binding the animal's paws and lifting it in the air. While being suspended, three more cables are bent down, binding Korra. The shot widens to show Korra struggling to get free, while Naga calmly hangs there in defeat. Korra grunts and bows her head in defeat as well, as Naga softly growls. Scene changes to an outside shot of a police station as the camera slowly zooms in on it.
Lin:  Let's see.  Multiple counts of destruction of private and city property,  not to mention evading arrest ...  You're in a whole mess of trouble, young lady.
Korra: But there were some thugs threatening a helpless shopkeeper, and I had it ...
Lin:  Can it!  You should have called the police and stayed out of the way.
Korra:  But I couldn't just sit by and do nothing. It's my duty to help people.  See, I'm the Avatar.
Lin:  Oh, I am well aware of who you are.  And your Avatar title might impress some people,  but not me.
Korra:  All right, fine.  Then I want to talk to whoever's in charge.
Lin:  You're talking to her. I'm Chief Beifong. 
</scene>

<scene>
Scene changes to a lateral shot of the room, showing that it is just a metal cage, with solid metal wall. The table with two chairs stands in the middle of the room, and the only light source is provided by a hanging lamp above the table.
Korra: Wait, Beifong? Lin Beifong?  You're Toph's daughter!
Lin:  What of it?
Korra:  Well then, why are you treating me like a criminal? Avatar Aang and your mother were friends. They saved the world together.
Lin:  That's ancient history.  And it's got diddly-squat to do with the mess you're in right now.  You can't just waltz in here and dole out vigilante justice like you own the place!
Lin and Korra stare at each other. In the background, one of the metalbending cops opens a peephole in the metal wall.
Metalbending cop: Chief,  Councilman Tenzin is here.
Lin:  Let him in.
Broad shot of the entire room as Lin stands beside the table, putting her hands behind her back in a formal posture, as the wall in front of Korra slides aside to form a door through which Tenzin enters.
Korra:  Tenzin, sorry ...  I got a little sidetracked on my way to see you.
Tenzin:  Lin, you are looking radiant as usual.
Lin:  Cut the garbage, Tenzin. Why is the Avatar in Republic City? I thought you were supposed to be moving down to the South Pole to train her.
Tenzin:  My relocation has been delayed.  The Avatar, on the other hand, will be heading back to the South Pole immediately, where she will stay put.
Korra:  But—
Tenzin:  If you would be so kind as to  drop the charges against Korra, I will take full responsibility for today's regrettable events and cover all the damages.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a view from behind Tenzin. Pondering over Tenzin's suggestion, Lin glances over her shoulder toward Korra, who is looking down at the table. Lin turns back, sighs, and nonchalantly raises her left hand, opening the cuffs that were binding Korra's hands to the table.
Lin: Fine.  Get her out of my city.
Tenzin:  Always a pleasure, Lin.  Let's go, Korra.
</scene>

<scene>
Korra follows Tenzin, still rubbing her wrists. As she passes Lin, both eye each other in discontent. Cut to a frontal shot of Chief Beifong, as she points with her index and pinkie at her eyes and back to Korra, glaring at her. Switch to Lin's point of view, as the metal wall moves aside again to let Tenzin and Korra out. Korra eyes Lin in malcontent. Angered, Korra bends over and exaggeratedly and mockingly mimics Lin's gesture that she will keep an eye on her, before picking up speed and leaving the room with an upheld head. Cuts to Lin, bewildered by what happened. She sticks up her nose, and assumes a dismayed look while crossing her arms again, grunting softly. Scene changes to a waiting room, where an old woman is sitting next to a platypus bear.
Korra:  Tenzin, please,  don't send me back home.
Tenzin:  You blatantly disobeyed my wishes and the orders of the White Lotus.
Korra:  Katara agreed with me that I should come.  She said my destiny is in Republic City.
Tenzin:  Don't bring my mother into this!
Korra:  Look, I can't wait any longer to finish my training.  Being cooped up and hidden away from the world isn't helping me become a better Avatar.  I saw a lot of the city today, and it's totally out of whack. I understand now why you need to stay. Republic City does need you. But it needs me, too.
Tenzin: You ... ah ... 
</scene>

<scene>
Upon hearing the sounds of the bars being opened, Korra and Tenzin turn toward the sound. The camera pans to the right to show Naga and a police officer, who holds her reins.
Ruffled police officer:  Is this your polar bear dog, miss?
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a closer look of the officer's head as the polar bear dog licks his face, fashioning his hair into an upstanding swirl. Naga pants happily with her tongue out of her mount. Switch to a scene at twilight of Aang's statue and a sailboat navigating around it. The lit skyline of Republic City is visible in the background. Cut to Tenzin in the boat, standing at the railing, looking sorrowfully up at his father's sculpture. Cut back to a closer look of the statue. Back to Tenzin, who sadly bows his head, and looks over his shoulder toward the new Avatar. Switch to his point of view, showing a back shot of Korra, leaning on the railing, watching how they move away from the city, and Naga, sleeping on the deck. Cut to an aerial shot, panning down, of the boat aground in the harbor of Air Temple Island. A larger ship has docked there as well, the silhouettes of some people standing beside it on the dock. Switch to a frontal shot of three Order of the White Lotus members standing beside the large ship, looking very serious. Cut to Korra, who gazes at the three men, and sadly bows her head while sighing. Switch briefly to an aerial shot as two Air Nomad gliders come swooping into view, before changing back to a side-view of Korra on the dock as first Ikki, before switching to Jinora, carrying Meelo on her back, land. Korra watches them as they land.
Meelo and Ikki:  Korra!
Meelo and Ikki run up to Korra and hug her waist. Jinora is more held back, but quickly runs toward Korra as well to join the group hug after Korra beckons her with a hand movement.
Ikki:  Are you coming to live with us on the island?
Korra:  No, I'm sorry, Ikki. I have to go home now.
</scene>

<scene>
Ikki sighs and bows her head in disappointment. Switch to a shot of Tenzin's serious face that has a hint of compassion on it. Cut to a back shot of the four airbenders as they watch Korra lead Naga away toward the members of the Order, who walk up to meet her. Cut to a side-view of Naga and Korra with her hands on Naga's neck, both looking down in sadness.
Tenzin:  Wait.  I have done my best to guide Republic City toward the dream my father had for it, but you're right. It has fallen out of balance since he passed. I thought I should put off your training in order to uphold his legacy,  but you are his legacy.  You may stay and train airbending here with me.  Republic City needs its Avatar once again.
Korra:  Yes! Thank you! You're the best!
Meelo, Ikki, and Jinora:  Yaaaaay!
</scene>

<scene>
Korra hugs the three kids, effortlessly lifting them off the ground. She moves to Tenzin, and lifts him up as well. Ikki giggles as Naga walks up, joining in the group hug by putting her head against in Korra's back, purring contently. Cut to Tenzin, who sighs, thinking about what he got himself into. Cut to a broad shot of Republic City's city hall the next day. A large cheering crowd has gathered in front of it. Switch to a frontal view of the mass, lots of people taking pictures. Switch to Korra, standing behind a speech bench with five microphones in front of her. She gazes at the gathered mass, looking overwhelmed. She clears her throat and leans forward to speak in the microphones.
Korra: Hello?  I'm Korra,  your new Avatar.
Male journalist #1:  Does this mean you've moved to Republic City?
Female journalist:  Were you trying to send a message to the Triads yesterday?
Male journalist #2:  Will you be fighting crime or the Anti-bending Revolution, or both?
Male journalist #3:  Will you be working with Chief Beifong and the police?
Korra:  Uh ... yes, I am definitely here to stay, but honestly I - I don't exactly have a plan yet.  See, I'm still in training, but, look, all I know is  Avatar Aang meant for this city to be the center of peace and balance in the world, and I believe we can make his dream a reality.  I look forward to serving you!
</scene>

<scene>
The crowd goes wild, and all the journalists take photographs of her, bathing the scene in bright white light. The scene changes to a dimly-lit room, where an Equalist member is listening to an old radio.
Korra:  I'm so happy to be here. Thank you, Republic City!
Tenzin: All right, that's all the questions the Av–
Lieutenant:  Amon, how do you want to handle this?
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a broader shot of the Lieutenant and Amon, both their backs to the camera. Amon, donning a hooded cape, has his hands held behind his back as he stares at a large map of the world hanging from the wall in front of him.
Amon: So, the Avatar has arrived early.  It looks like we'll have to accelerate our plans.
Fade to credits.
Main Korra Lin Naga Tenzin Antagonists Amon Lieutenant Triple Threat Triad Mushi Two Toed Ping Viper: Minor Chung Feathered hat man Gommu Ikki Jinora Katara Meelo Metalbender cops Oogi Pema Protester Ruffled police officer Saikhan Senna Tonraq White Lotus leader White Lotus sentries<scene>
Admit mistakes when they occur and seek to restore honor. This page requires editing to meet Avatar Wiki's quality standards.
Shiro Shinobi:  Unalaq has forced Korra into opening the Northern portal and trapped Jinora in the Spirit World. Back in Republic City, everybody loves Varrick's Nuktuk movers. Everybody, that is, except Mako, whose pursuit of Varrick has landed him in the slammer. And in the Southern Water Tribe, Unalaq's army is nearing victory in the Civil War, but Tonraq isn't about to give up without a fight.
Oogi flies toward the Eastern Air Temple carrying Korra, Tenzin, Bumi, Kya, and Jinora's spiritless body. Ikki is laughing and riding on an air scooter near Pema and Meelo as Oogi comes in for a landing.
Meelo:  Dad's back.
Pema:  Where's Jinora?  No!
Pema drops the flowers she was holding. Shot of the flowers hitting the ground. Pema runs over to Tenzin.
Tenzin:  Her spirit is trapped in the Spirit World, but she's going to be all right.
Pema:  How could this happen?
Tenzin: It was all my fault.  I should have never let Jinora enter the Spirit World without me. I couldn't protect her.
Korra: I'm so sorry, Pema. I tried to save her, but Unalaq tricked me.
Tenzin:  Don't worry, honey,  I'm not going to stop until our little girl is back safe with us.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Republic City showing the outside of the prison where Mako is being kept with police airships flying overhead, before switching to a side-shot of Mako inside his cell sitting on his bed. The cell door opens suddenly and the shot changes to a frontal of Song.
Song: You've got a visitor.
Bolin:  Hey, Mako.
Mako:  Hey. What's with the fancy duds?
Bolin: I'm on my way to the big finale for "Nuktuk: Hero of the South."  Yeah, everyone's gonna be there except for, you know, you ... because you're in jail and stuff.
Mako:  Thanks for the reminder.
Bolin:  Hey, I brought you something. I thought this would brighten up your new place. Read the inscription.
Mako:  "Dear Mako, Nuktuk says, 'Keep smiling.'"  Did you come by just to give me a poster?
Bolin:  No, I came by to give you my sincere, heartfelt words of encouragement. I know our lives have been moving in two different directions, but I want you to know that I will always be there for you.  We are brothers, after all, even if one of us is a member of high society and the other one is a criminal.
Mako:  I am not a criminal!
Bolin:  Of course I know that, but you do kinda look like one, cause you're in a jail and that's where criminals live.
Mako:  I was set up! Varrick knew I had figured out he was hiring gangsters to pose as Northern soldiers to get Republic City to join the war. That's why he had me arrested.
Bolin:  Ah, I see what you're doing. You're going for the insanity defense. Smart.
Mako:  No! I'm trying to tell you that Varrick isn't what he seems. Where's Asami? She'll listen to me.
Bolin:  I asked her to come, but she said it was too hard for her. You being in jail like this reminds her of her dad.  Okay, gotta run,  but I'll be back tomorrow. And I am gonna get you the best attorney fame and fortune can buy.
Mako:  Bolin, wait. If my theory about Varrick is right, something might go down tonight at your premiere. Promise me you'll keep your eyes peeled.
Bolin:  Yeah, okay, big brother. I promise.  Whew! That insanity defense is definitely gonna work.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to aerial shot of Southern Water Tribe capital. Rebels view the capital city from atop a nearby mountain.
Rebel leader:  Should we wait another day? Korra still might come with reinforcements.
Tonraq: We can't wait any longer.  It's time to take back what is ours! It's time to take back our city!
Rebels: Yeah!
</scene>

<scene>
Rebels bend sheets of ice on which they slide down the mountain. Northern Water Tribe soldier in a nearby watchtower notices them and rings a warning bell. Cut to Northern reinforcements being mobilized.
Aerial shot of Pro-bending Arena, before cutting to a large poster of Ginger and Nuktuk hanging above the main entrance. Pan downward showing the doors and a crowd of people as a Satomobile limousine arrives.
Photographer:  Say "Nuktuk"!
Shiro Shinobi:  There they are folks. The sweethearts of the big screen, and Republic City's most famous couple, Bolin and Ginger.
Bolin:  Wow, that was fun! And did you hear what Shiro said? We're Republic City's most famous couple.
Ginger: Bolin, you're a doll, but you're as dumb as the rocks you bend. We are not a couple.
Bolin:  That's not what Shiro said!
Close-up of Gang shoving a Varri-cake in his mouth outside of the arena, which zooms out to include Lu in the shot.
Lin Beifong:  Stop stuffing your mustaches with Varri-cakes and get to your post!
Gang:  You got it, boss.
Lin Beifong:  You two are the pinnacle of refinement.
Shiro Shinobi:  This star-studded event just keeps getting star-studdier folks. President Raiko and the First Lady Buttercup Raiko just arrived,  and they're being greeted by entrepreneur extraordinaire Varrick.
Varrick: There they are, my two most honored guests.  What do you think?  No expense has been spared, I brought in the finest entertainers from Ba Sing Se, and the best food from around the world. Heck! I even had this red carpet imported from the Fire Nation! They make the best red stuff over there. Fact! All right, picture time. 
Raiko:  Varrick, you didn't have to do all this for us.
Varrick:  I wanted to. Mister President, I took one look at your wife and I knew that you were a man of exquisite taste.  And that's why I know you're gonna love this mover!
Raiko: Varrick, I know what you're doing, and I doubt your propaganda is going to change my mind about going to war with the Northern Water Tribe.
Varrick: Oh, I think you'll be surprised how persuasive I can be.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the interior of the arena, where the playing area has been fitted with speakers and a giant screen. Cut to an open booth where President Raiko and his wife were seated. Pan to the left of the booth to show two more VIP booths; Bolin, Ginger, and Asami occupy the left booth, and Naga and Pabu are in the right one. Cut to the interior of the animals' booth, where a waiter serves them food. Zoom in to the playing area where Varrick is standing in the darkened arena, with a spotlight shining on him.
Varrick: Thank you all for  coming for the finale of "Nuktuk: Hero of the South"! You know, when I first started this project there were a lot of naysayers out there. "You can't make pictures move" they said. "You can't take some knucklehead earthbender and make him a star" they said.  "You can't teach a polar bear dog to speak" they said. Well, they're wrong! Thanks to the magic of the movers, our furry friends have found their voices, and you'll be shocked to hear what they have to say.  They speak of the injustice that is happening in the Southern Water Tribe right now.  My hope, is that their words, and this epic mover, will inspire a real life hero to rise up, and help.  Thank you again, enjoy the show! 
Voice narrator: When last we left our hero, he was captured by the Evil Unalaq's dastardly pet bird.  Amazingly, with the power of his whistling, Nuktuk escaped.  And decided to seek out council.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a seal lion growling, with Nuktuk kneeling in front before a fish is thrown to the animal.
Nuktuk: Thank you, wise sage. I will travel to Republic City and seek help.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to an aerial shot of Republic City before switching to the interior of the president's office, where Nuktuk enters the room to find the president working with chemicals.
Mover president: Have a seat, I'm just working on a cure for the common cold. No longer will my citizens suffer from the sniffles.
Nuktuk: Mister president, there's something more important than the sniffles right now. I need your help to stop the Evil Unalaq.
Mover president:  Did you say "help"? If there is one thing I love doing, it's helping people.
Buttercup Raiko:  The seal lion seemed a bit far fetched, but the portrayal of this president is right on the money. 
Asami: I think this is your best mover yet.
Bolin:  I just wish Mako was here to see it.
</scene>

<scene>
Meanwhile, a small boat carrying four men in Northern Water Tribe armor pulls up alongside the arena and the three soldiers begin to climb up to the arena. Cut to close-up of Lu, who is licking the icing off of a Varri-cake, with his and Gang's backs to the window.
Lu:  Mmm. I like to eat the top of the Varri-cake first.
Gang:  I just try to shove the whole thing in my mouth at once. 
Lu:  I love our job.
</scene>

<scene>
They turn and see the four soldiers in the window. The soldiers knock the detectives out and bind and gag them in a locker, leaving the icing and saliva from their Varri-cake on the floor. Cut back to the screen; Nuktuk is chained to the wall while three automatons approach him.
Nuktuk: Northern Water Tribe automatons! No!
Automatons: Bee bow bop, Nuktuk cannot stop Unalaq, must destroy Nuktuk.
Roh-Tan stops between Nuktuk and the automatons and growls at the machines, forcing them to retreat. Juji joins in the growling, before freeing Nuktuk by firing laser beams from his eyes.
Nuktuk:  Haha! Arhg!  Looks like you forgot that water, and automatons, don't mix.
Automatons: Bee bow bop, oh no, circuits no working. 
Nuktuk: Hahaho!  We did it! But wait, where's Juji?
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a belly-up Juji who is coughing, while a spotlight shines over him.
Roh-Tan: Nuk-no!
Nuktuk:  You can't die Juji! Not on my watch!
Juji: It's okay, Nuktuk. At least ... I got to be  your friend.
</scene>

<scene>
Juji licks Nuktuk's fingers before dying. Cut to Roh-Tan who cries.
Nuktuk: Juji!
</scene>

<scene>
Bolin sadly exits the booth. Cut to the balcony of the arena, where Asami approaches Bolin.
Asami: Are you okay? It seems like this mover is really getting to you. You do know Juji's not really dead?
Bolin: Of course I know. Juji's fine. He comes back to life in the end when the doomsday device shifts the polarity of the Earth. Oops. Spoiler. Sorry.
Asami: Then what's wrong?
Bolin: I guess I just miss my friends. Everything is going so well for me, but it feels empty without everyone around. Korra's gone, Mako's in jail, you're doing ... business-lady stuff. Team Avatar's fallen apart.
Asami: I know. Things have changed to much since we first met.  Why don't you come back in and finish watching the mover with me?
Bolin: You go ahead. I need another another minute.  That's weird.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the back of the arena where Bolin walks to the area where Lu and Gang were and slips on the cake that was dropped earlier, though manages to maintain his balance by stopping into a split. He hears banging on a nearby locker and opens it. He sees Lu and Gang gagged and bound inside. Bolin removes Gang's ropes over his mouth to enable him to speak.
Gang: They're after the president!
</scene>

<scene>
Bolin gasps at the revelation. Cut to Raiko's booth where the president and his wife are watching the mover. Cut to the mover.
Evil Unalaq: You're too late Nuktuk.  Soon, my doomsday device will shoot this block of ice into the Earth's core, freezing the entire planet, and I will be ruler of Ice Earth! 
Nuktuk:  I don't think so.
</scene>

<scene>
Raiko and his wife are both pulled backward by unseen figures who have their left hands clasped over their mouths in order to restrain them from making a sound. Cut to a frontal shot of the booth, revealing the figures to be the Northern soldiers, who are now busy tying up the already gagged couple. The president's guards are slumped unconscious against the wall next to the door. As the soldiers finish their job and turn to guide the presidential couple to the door, Bolin barges into the booth, knocking the door out of the wall in the process.
Bolin: I don't think so.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a frontal shot of the kidnappers and their victims. Buttercup manages to wriggle out of her gag and screams; Actress Ginger screams simultaneously in the mover. One of the soldiers sends a water blast in Bolin's direction. Cut to a side-shot of Bolin, who acrobatically flips out of the way. As he lands, he uses his momentum to dislodge a slab of rock from the wall behind him and hurls it at his attacker. Cut to a side-shot of the booth from inside the arena as the waterbender is hit square in the chest and thrown out of the booth, into the pool. Cut to an aerial shot of the arena as the man plunges into the water, screaming. Switch to a close shot of the audience; the people gasp and turn toward the direction of the noise. Cut to Lin who also turns around with suspicion. Cut back to the booth where Bolin punches the floor, crackling the ground with an earth wave which throws the three remaining waterbenders against the ceiling. When they land on the floor, Bolin throws another punch straight forward. Cut to a looking up shot from inside the arena as the three soldiers are thrown out of the booth after each being hit by a rock. They land with heavy thuds on the metal bridge which allows access to the playing field from the players' locker. Cut back to inside the booth where Bolin has untied the president and his wife; Buttercup hugs her husband.
Bolin: Mister President, get back, I'm here to help.
</scene>

<scene>
Without hesitation, he runs to the edge of the booth and humps down. He lands in a crouch, ripping the sleeves of his suit as he lands. He stands up and tears his sleeves off completely, a determined look adorning his face. Bolin cracks his neck and walks forward. Cut to an aerial shot as he approaches the three assailants standing on the arena. Cut to a frontal shot of Bolin.
Bolin: Looks like there's no where to go.
</scene>

<scene>
A waterbender attacks Bolin with water from the playing area, but he manages to dodge the attack. Cut to the audience who gasp in fear. Cut to an aerial shot of the playing area where Bolin engages the trio, before focusing to Lin and her officers.
Lin Beifong: Secure the president and call for backup immediately!
</scene>

<scene>
The officers run off for reinforcements. Cut to the playing area where Bolin avoids the attacks. He bends out three earth discs and each disc at a waterbender. One of them got hit and is incapacitated. The remaining two waterbenders continue attacking. Bolin dodges one of the waterbender's attack, while Nuktuk avoids Unalaq's attack in a similar fashion. Bolin attempts to attack one of them, but is thrown aside by a water hose by the other bender.
Ginger/Actress Ginger: Bolin, look out!/Nuktuk, look out!
Bolin runs to the speaker on the right, before changing course to avoid an attack. When attacked on the other side, he stops at the center and bends out two entire stacks of earth discs. The waterbenders throw hoses at Bolin, which he blocks using the stacks, while Nuktuk hides from Unalaq's attack from behind a pillar. Bolin waits for the moment before throwing the stack at the waterbenders, which successfully hit them. Bolin throws discs from the stacks to the waterbenders, while Nuktuk continues throwing streams of water.
Shiro Shinobi:  This is unbelievable! Bolin is bending two full stacks of earth disks at once, which would normally be illegal,  but then again, he's fighting three waterbenders,  so all rules are out the window!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut back to the dust filled arena, where Bolin bends out an earth disc and knocks out one of the soldiers. He knocks out another soldier. The other soldier waterbends and prepares to attack Bolin, but Bolin dodges the attack and bends out two discs to shield himself from another water blast. Bolin fights the last soldier one-on-one, with both fighters circling each other while dodging each other's attacks. Bolin leaps and throws a disc at the soldier, knocking him out to a nearby speaker.
Bolin:  Tell me who sent you!
Soldier:  It was Varrick, please don't hurt me, Nuktuk!
Bolin instantly becomes shocked. He drops his earth disc and turns to look up at Varrick, whom is now worried.
Varrick: I think this is our cue to exit.
Zoom out to reveal Lin blocking the exit.
Lin Beifong:  Where do you think you're going?
</scene>

<scene>
Varrick eyes the surroundings uneasily. Cut back to a shocked Bolin. The soldier attempts to attack Bolin, but he retaliates in time and slams a disc to his stomach, tossing him into the pool, while Unalaq is defeated.
Shiro Shinobi:  It's a knockout!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the the audience and Asami, who cheer at Bolin. Bolin turns and waves back at the audience with Nuktuk. Cut to the Southern Tribe at night. Cut to the streets where Northern soldiers retreat from the rebels.
Tonraq: They're falling back!
</scene>

<scene>
A low howl is heard. The rebels turn to see dark spirits perched on the walls of buildings, with Desna and Eska standing on the roof. They turn around to see Unalaq riding a large dark spirit. Cut to a close-up of Unalaq, followed by one of Tonraq. Cut back to the arena where Varrick and Zhu Li were led into a police truck. A reporter takes a picture.
Lin Beifong: Varrick's plan was to kidnap you and blame it on the North. Then Republic City would have no choice, but to join the war on the side of the South.
Raiko: I can't believe Varrick would do something like this, and no one saw it coming.
Lin Beifong: Actually someone did. Remember Mako?
Raiko: You got a great officer on your hands.
Lin Beifong:  He's one of the best.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the entrance where many reporters are taking pictures of Bolin. Ginger runs up to the beaming Bolin and kisses him, taking him aback. When the kissing stops, Bolin looks on dreamily.
Ginger: I can't believe my boyfriend is a real life hero!
Bolin:  Boyfriend? Wait, stop. I thought you said we weren't a couple.
Ginger: You really are as dumb as those rocks. Of course we're a couple. 
Asami: Bolin you saved the president! And you proved Mako was right all along. We have to go tell him what happened.
Bolin: Yeah!  Oh, you meant right now.
Bolin turns up to see Oogi descending to the Arena. Korra jumps off the bison and approaches the president.
Korra: President Raiko!
Raiko: Avatar Korra? What's wrong?
Korra:  Sir, I know I've asked for your help before, but things have changed. Unalaq doesn't just wanna take over the South anymore. He wants to destroy the whole world.
Raiko looks on in fear.
Bolin: Unalaq is going to destroy the world? He really does have a doomsday device?
Korra: He's trying to release a powerful dark spirit during Harmonic Convergence, which is only a few days away. If he succeeds, the world as we know it, is over. Sir, we desperately need your help.
Raiko: I'm sorry, Korra, but my answer is still no.
Korra and Aang's children widen their eyes in shock.
Tenzin:  There are lives on the line! And my daughter is one of them! Raiko, you must reconsider!
Raiko: I'm aware that lives are on the line. And that's precisely why my troops are staying here. If the world is going to be thrown into chaos as you claim, I need to protect my citizens. I'm sorry.
Bolin: Sir, Nuktuk needs your help. I know you love helping people.
Raiko: Son, I appreciate you saving my life and I'm a big fan of your work, but my decision is final. 
Bolin:  Never should have saved that guy.
Asami: If you guys need help, I'm here for you.
Bolin: Yeah, me too.
Korra: Thank you. It's so good to see you guys again.  Wait. Where's Mako?
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a low angle medium close shot of Mako sitting in his cell. He hears the door open and looks toward it. Cut to a wider shot of the cell from the back as we see Bolin enter.
Mako: So, how was the big premiere?
Bolin: I saved the president, in real life!
Mako: Wait, wh-what?
Bolin: You were right about Varrick. He tried to kidnap Raiko!
Mako: I knew it!
Bolin: But it didn't work, because of you, and because of me. Let's just say we both did good. Beifong says you're free to go.  Sorry for ever doubting you, Mako.
Mako:  Don't worry about it bro.
</scene>

<scene>
Mako and Bolin hug each other. Cut to the visitor area where the brothers walk out and are greeted by claps.
Lin Beifong: Nice job, Mako. You're going to make a great detective.
Gang: But chief, there aren't any detective openings right now.
Lin Beifong: Actually we have two openings.
</scene>

<scene>
Lu and Gang stare at each other in shock. Cut to a close-up of Mako smiling warmly. Close-up of Mako, where he turns to the left and his smile widens as he looks at Asami. Cut to a shot of Asami smiling back at him. Korra runs forward and kisses him, with Asami being taken aback and Bolin startled at the kiss.
Korra: Mako, I've missed you so much.
Bolin eyes Asami, who looks at Mako in annoyance and betrayal. Bolin eyes the situation awkwardly.
Bolin: Oh yeah, did I forget to tell you? Korra's back.
Mako: Korra ... hey, I missed you, too. So you're not still mad at me?
Korra: Why would I be mad?
Mako: We had that fight before you left, remember?
Korra: No, not really. I got attacked by a dark spirit and I lost my memory for a little while. Maybe it hasn't all come back yet. Was it a bad fight?
Mako:  Uh ...  No. No, it wasn't that bad. 
Tenzin: Korra, we don't have much time. We need to figure out how to deal with Unalaq.
Bolin: I think I know just the man to talk to.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a lavish prison cell where Varrick is detained. The businessman turns to look at his guests.
Varrick: Guys, hey,  what do you think? Varrick Industries built this prison, and I had this cell made special. I had a feeling I'd end up here one day.  Zhu Li, c'mon, we got guests!  Whip up a pot of that green tea I love!
Zhu Li: Yes, sir.
Korra:  Zhu Li's in prison with you?
Varrick:  Of course! I don't go anywhere without my assistant. Do you?
Mako:  We're not interested in your tea. And this isn't a friendly visit.
Varrick: Don't tell me you guys are still mad about everything that happened. I did some good things, too.  Korra, who warned you about Unalaq?  I did.  Bolin, who got you into the movers?  I did.  Asami, who saved your company?  I did.  Mako, who got you thrown in jail!?  I did!  Oh yeah, guess that was a bad thing.
Asami: You stole everything from me and you tried to kidnap the president. Those are pretty bad, too.
Varrick: I wasn't going to hurt him. I just needed to start a war. Well, a bigger war.
Bolin: Well we're gonna end it. Where's all the stuff you stole from Asami?
Varrick: The Future Industries' stuff? It's on my battleship.
Korra: You have a battleship?
Varrick: Of course I do! I bought the first one they made! Named her the "Zhu Li". 
Bolin: You named your battleship after your assistant?
Varrick: Yup. They're both cold, heartless war machines.
Zhu Li: Your tea, sir.
Varrick:  Look, I'm truly sorry for the mess I caused. Let me make it up to you,  take Zhu Li.  My battleship, it's yours, and everything on it.
Korra:  It's not the fleet we were looking for, but it's the next best thing.
Bolin:  All right! Team Avatar is back in business. Haha!
</scene>

<scene>
Bolin grabs Korra by the shoulder and pulls her toward Mako and Asami, where the four share a group hug. Lin smiles at the youngsters in pride. Cut to the Zhu Li, where Korra is standing at the deck, looking out into the vast ocean.
Mako:  It's okay. We're going to stop Unalaq, and get Jinora back.
Korra: I hope my dad's all right. 
Mako: I'm sure he's fine. 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut back to the Southern Tribe, where Tonraq is attacking a dark spirit perched on a wall. The spirit jumps off to avoid the attack and slams on the ground, knocking off a rebel with its tail before charging at Tonraq again, where he retaliates with a water blast, dissipating it. He turns, only to be knocked back with a water stream. A rebel assists with a stream, but gets knocked back. Cut to the assailants, who are Desna and Eska. Tonraq dodges the attack and retreats behind a pillar for cover. He braces himself to shield from another attack.
Tonraq: Get the men and fall back.
Rebel: What about you?
Tonraq shields himself from another attack before noticing his brother walking with attacking soldiers and a dark spirit.
Tonraq: I'm going to end this, right now. Go.
Tonraq bends an ice wall, separating the twins. Desna dodges before bending out an ice shield, only for Tonraq to destroy it. Tonraq runs across the alley and attacks two soldiers before freezing the other two.
Unalaq: Hello, Tonraq. Looking for me?
Tonraq bends a massive stream at Unalaq, who stops it with an ice shield. In the mist, Unalaq attacks Tonraq with a massive ice block, throwing him some distance.
Unalaq:  Brother, I'm too strong for you.
Tonraq:  You're no brother of mine. You betrayed me, you had me banished!
Unalaq:  Yes! I did.
Enraged, Tonraq charges at Unalaq with waterbending, only for his momentum to be stopped by Desna and Eska.
Unalaq:  Stop! He's mine.
Unalaq's children stop bending and step back.
Tonraq: You are not the true chief.
Unalaq: I am. And you will bow to me.
</scene>

<scene>
Unalaq bends the snow beneath him, slamming Tonraq against an ice wall. Tonraq bends out a stream, which Unalaq catches and spins into a circle. As Tonraq charges, he uses the stream to form ice structures, which Tonraq manages to dodge and counter. Unalaq bends out a large stream, which Tonraq dodges at the last minute before protecting himself with a wall and attacking Unalaq. Behind the wall, he rides an ice sheet and charges toward Unalaq, the scene proceeding in slow motion. Before Tonraq can land the final blow, Unalaq knocks him off with an ice pillar. He approaches Tonraq and demolishes all the ice structures, before freezing him. He smirks in victory while Tonraq closes his eyes, bracing himself for the impact. Unalaq bends out a stream, shattering the ice and knocking Tonraq out.
Unalaq: Now that I've defeated you, your daughter is next.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to credits.
Main Asami Sato Bolin Bumi Korra Kya Mako Raiko Tenzin Tonraq Varrick Antagonists Dark spirits Desna and Eska Unalaq: Minor Buttercup Raiko Ginger Ikki Jinora Katara Lin Beifong Lu and Gang Meelo Naga Oogi Pabu Pema Shiro Shinobi Song Zhu Li<scene>
Shiro Shinobi:  The Equalists are on the attack! The Lieutenant and his chi blockers invaded Air Temple Island and forced Tenzin and his family to flee! In the daring escape, Lin Beifong sacrificed herself and saved the airbenders, but she was captured and Amon took her bending away. Now, Team Avatar is in hiding as they await help from General Iroh and the United Forces.
</scene>

<scene>
The episode opens with an aerial view of Republic City filled with several Equalist airships. The camera pans down to a shot of City Hall, with Equalist airships and mecha tanks around it. Hiroshi Sato is standing on the front steps, addressing a large crowd.
Hiroshi Sato: It is a glorious day, my Equalist brothers and sisters! Amon has torn down the tyrannical bending government!  He has declared bending illegal,  and he has the Avatar on the run.  Our great leader has a vision for the future. One day soon, bending will no longer exist and we will live in a world where everyone is finally equal! The United Forces are on their way right now to try and stop that dream. But we will prevail!
</scene>

<scene>
The crowd cheers loudly in response. Near the back, two chi blockers look at each other, one male, the other female, before they turn and walk away. They push aside a clump of bushes in Republic City Park and enter a small clearing with a large rock in the center. One earthbends the rock aside, revealing a hole, and both jump inside as the rock slides back over. Cut to the chi blockers, who have removed their masks and revealed themselves to be Korra and Mako, walking down a dim hallway.
Korra:  Can you believe Hiroshi?! "The Avatar's on the run". I'm not running from anyone! Let's go back up there and knock some heads; they'll never know what hit 'em. 
Mako: Relax. General Iroh's coming with an entire fleet of battleships. Then Amon will be the one who's running.
Korra:  I hate this "being patient" stuff. 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Asami and Bolin, who are sitting on crates. Asami is watching in amusement as Bolin plays with Pabu. She glares as she hears Korra and Mako approaching, before she and Bolin stand up and walk over to greet them.
Asami:  You two were gone a while.
Mako:  We were doing reconnaissance.
Asami:  Whatever.
Gommu:  Welcome back! Hope you worked up an appetite, 'cause dinner is served.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Gommu stirring a pot of stew and pouring some into a dish.
Korra: Thanks so much for letting us hide out with you the past few days.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Korra, Mako, Gommu, Bolin, and Asami sitting at a table. Mako and Asami hold bowls of stew.
Gommu:  Honored to oblige.  My associates and I heartily oppose Amon's so-called "Equalist" policies.  We got benders and nonbenders living together down here, but do you see us fightin'?  No siree; we've figured out how to harmoniously co-exist.
Bolin: You are a wise and noble hobo.  Mmmm. This is the best-tasting street gruel I've ever had. Seriously!
Gommu: I culled it from the finest dumpsters the city has to offer!
</scene>

<scene>
The camera cuts back rapidly to Asami, who already has the spoon in her mouth. Her eyes close and open with small beady eyes as the top half of her face turns green. She spits the food back into the bowl and coughs. Cut to the back of Asami's crate, as she surreptitiously puts the food on the floor behind her. Pabu crawls up behind her and eats from the bowl.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Korra sitting next to Naga. She hears footsteps and sees Mako walking toward her.
Mako: Can't sleep either?
Korra: No, I have this awful pit in my stomach.
Mako:  Me too.
Korra:  It's so crazy. A few months ago I was in the South Pole practicing for my firebending test,  and now I'm in the middle of an all-out war.
Mako: I know, we didn't even know each other then. And now, I can't imagine my life without you in it.  You're the most loyal, brave, and selfless person I've ever known.
Korra:  I think you're pretty incredible too, but ... you already knew that.
Mako and Korra look at each other, but Korra looks away abruptly.
Korra: I should probably try to get some sleep.
Mako: Me too. Good night.
Korra: Good night.
</scene>

<scene>
Korra leans back against Naga's side, looking sad. Cut to Air Temple Island as airships fly overhead. Amon is waiting on a platform as the Lieutenant drags a blindfolded man up to him. The man is forced to his knees and has his blindfold removed as Amon approaches.
Amon: You will now be cleansed of your impurity.  Next.
</scene>

<scene>
The Lieutenant nods and walks over to get the next victim, revealing a long line of benders, blindfolded and hands bounded, including the White Lotus sentries, waiting for Amon to strip them of their bending. Cut to the island as seen across Yue Bay through thick fog the next morning. Team Avatar is hiding in the drainage pipe.
Mako:  Coast is clear.
The four run out of the pipe and climb an access stairway to an observation deck above. They crouch by the railing as Bolin scans the bay with a telescope.
Korra: Once the United Forces arrive, we need to be ready to help in any way we can.
Mako: They're here!
Bolin:  Whoops! 
</scene>

<scene>
Through the telescope view, Bolin catches sight of a dim shape through the mist. Cut to a shot of the battleships steaming into the harbor, before cutting to General Iroh at the head of one.
Iroh: Hmm ... Amon had to know we were coming. So why aren't we meeting any resistance?
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Korra.
Korra: Wait a second ... where are the Equalist airships?
Mako:  I don't see any mecha tanks, either. 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a shot of the water beneath one of the battleships; bubbles and an underwater mine are floating up.
Iroh: Something's not right.  It's a trick!  Water and earthbenders, detonate those mines!  What is that sound?
</scene>

<scene>
Iroh runs out of the control room and on deck, where a buzzing sound can be heard in the sky. Korra surfaces and looks up. Cut to the rest of Team Avatar on the deck as Mako points the telescope toward Republic City.
Mako: What now?
</scene>

<scene>
Behind the skyscrapers, a group of flying objects can be seen in the mist, which resolve themselves into two fleets of biplanes. Cut to Team Avatar.
Bolin:  Where does Hiroshi find the time to keep inventing new evil machines?!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the planes flying across the bay, and a close-up on Hiroshi Sato, who is piloting one. He pulls a lever and bombs were drop from the underside. Ships are bombarded, causing major damage on board. One plane drops down two torpedoes and Korra dodges them only for them to hit the side of a ship. The explosion forces Korra back but she swims to the ship again. More planes drop down torpedoes to hit their targets.
Male sailor:  Incoming!
The explosion forces the sailors up in the air. A plane dives in to attack, but firebenders firebend into the cannons and shoot the planes. Korra emerges from the underwater and she looks at the planes, while they destroy the remaining ships. An earthbender tries to bring them down but he is forced back by the bombing. Planes fly around until one gets hit with firebending, forcing the pilot to eject. Iroh and two other firebenders use their bending to take down the planes, successfully hitting one. Korra dives into the water, waterbends a massive waterspout, and bends out a large ice spike to take a plane down. However, the damaged plane hits the waterspout and Korra falls into the water where she bends a torpedo around into the air and hits another plane. She emerges once more and swims to the closest ship. Iroh comes up from the hatch to firebend the remaining planes, taking them down one by one but the last plane drops a bomb in front of him. He uses firebending to shield himself, but the explosion causes him to fall into the water, unconscious. Korra grabs and brings him to the surface.
Korra:  It's all right, I've got you.
Iroh:  Avatar Korra? You saved my life. Thank you.
</scene>

<scene>
Korra waterbends them away from the wreckage. Cut to their hideout, where Korra uses her healing abilities on Iroh's wound.
Iroh: I was prepared to deal with Sato's mecha tanks, but not these new high-speed aircraft.
Korra: I know.  Every time we think we have an advantage, Amon outsmarts us.
Bolin: No matter what our plan is, he always has a better one.
Iroh: Amon is winning so far, but we're not out of the fight yet.
Bolin:  I like this man's confidence! So, how are we not out of the fight?
Iroh:  A second wave of reinforcements is on the way, but I need to warn them.  Do you still have a way to get a message out?
Korra: I know just the man for the job.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Gommu, setting up a telegraph machine while Iroh and Team Avatar stand behind him.
Gommu: And who is the recipient of this top secret message?
Iroh: Commander Bumi.  Second division of the United Forces.
Korra: Tenzin's brother?
Iroh: Yes, bit of a wild man, but the bravest commander you'll ever meet.
Gommu: Ready, sir. 
Iroh: Fleet ambushed and destroyed by Equalist aircraft. Retreat to Red Sand Island until my signal. Do not approach city until you receive the all clear.  Now comes the hard part. We need to ground those aircrafts. Otherwise, Bumi's fleet would never be able to retake the city.
Mako:  They flew in from this direction. The airfield must be somewhere over this mountain range.
Iroh: Everyone get ready, we leave at dawn.
They walk out of the room. Asami lingers momentarily.
Asami:  It's time to take down my father. 
Korra:  Wait, I'm sorry, but I'm not going with you tomorrow.
Mako: What?
Asami: Why not?
Korra: I'm sick and tired of hiding from Amon. It's time I face him.
Iroh: That's not a good plan. We need to stick together.
Korra: I'm not waiting for him to hunt me down. My guts tell me it's time to end this, on my terms.
Iroh: Korra, this is not a mission you should be handling alone.
Mako: She won't be.  I'm going with you.
Korra:  You don't have to do that.
Mako: Yes, I do.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Asami looking on with shock and sadness as she glances to the side. Camera pans to the right to Iroh with a hand on his chin, deep in thought.
Iroh: Hmm ... My grandfather would respect the Avatar's instinct.  So will I.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a view of Republic City in the morning. Cut to Mako wearing Equalist clothing in the hobos' hideout. Bolin walks up to Mako and they hug.
Mako: Love you, little bro.
</scene>

<scene>
In the background, Gommu sniffles and cries at the scene.
Bolin: Love you back, big bro.  Korra, Amon is a nasty dude. Be careful.
Korra: I will.  Good luck. If you're going into the mountains, you should bring Naga.  Take good care of Bolin for me. 
Mako: Asami.  I'm sorry things got so messed up between us, but whatever happens today, I want you to know how much I care about you.
Asami: I care about you, too. 
Korra walks next to Mako and they walk away. Asami jumps onto Naga's back, joining Pabu, Bolin, and Iroh.
Gommu: Good fortune and success to you, valiant heroes.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to a large sewage pipe, out of which Korra and Mako walk. They continue walking into the sea and Korra waterbends a large bubble so they can breathe while underwater. Cut to the shores of Air Temple Island. Korra and Mako walk out of the sea and Korra stops waterbending the bubble. They put on their chi blocker masks and climb up the rocky shores. Cut to a closer shot of an Equalist airship, which Amon boards.
Korra: There's Amon.
Mako: We need to get into the temple. Then, when he returns ...
Korra: We ambush him.
They walk toward the temple, but stop when they hear a voice from behind.
Lieutenant: What are you two doing here?
Mako: Uh, we were just transferred.
Lieutenant: Well, you're getting transferred again. Amon wants extra security at the arena today.
Mako:  The arena? For what?
Lieutenant: The rally. You should've been briefed about this.
Korra:  We'll be there, sir.  I know another way in. 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to another part of Air Temple Island. Korra lifts a wooden panel on a wall and they climb in.
Korra: Let's hide in the attic.
They climb up through the attic's trapdoor.
Mako: Uh, we're not alone up here.
</scene>

<scene>
The camera shows Tarrlok sitting on the floor, locked behind bars.
Korra: Tarrlok?
Korra and Mako take off their chi blocker masks.
Tarrlok: I don't suppose you're here to rescue me.
Korra:  We had no idea you were here. Are there other prisoners on the island?
Tarrlok: No, I'm the only one.
Korra: And what makes you so special?
Tarrlok: I'm Amon's brother.  Amon is from the Northern Water Tribe.  He's a waterbender and a bloodbender,  just like I was.
Korra:  What?
Korra and an equally shocked Mako glance at each other and back at Tarrlok. Mako takes a step forward to Tarrlok's cell.
Mako: Did you know this all along?
Tarrlok:  No,  not until after he captured me.
</scene>

<scene>
Camera cuts to a side-view of the entire scene.
Korra: How did your brother end up becoming Amon?
Tarrlok:  It all began with my father,  Yakone. With the help of his former gang,  he escaped prison and underwent surgery to change his appearance.  He assumed a new identity, and settled down in the Northern Water Tribe.  That's where he met my mother,  a warm, caring woman.  Before long, they started a family together.  Amon was the firstborn, under the name Noatak. I was born three years later.  Noatak was a good-natured kid, always looking out for me. Those were the good years.  Before my brother and I discovered we were waterbenders. At first we were excited by our new abilities, but our training brought out a different side of my father.
Yakone: Tarrlok, you'd better shape up or you'll be out here in the cold all night until you get it right.
Tarrlok: I'm trying, but-
Yakone: Try harder!  Your brother was never this sloppy. 
Noatak: Dad, he'll get it. He just needs time.
Yakone: Don't talk back to me, son! Ever!
Tarrlok:  Even back then, my brother wanted everyone to be treated fairly and equally.  When I was seven, my father took me and Noatak on a hunting trip far away from our home.  He told us his true identity was Yakone, Republic City's most notorious crime boss, and that he was once a bloodbender of rare skill.
Tarrlok:  What's bloodbending?
Yakone: The most powerful and feared form of bending in the world. It was declared illegal thanks to that coward, Katara. Our family has the strongest line of bloodbenders in history. You boys have this power inside of you, and I will teach you to master it.
Noatak:  What happened to your bending, Dad?
Yakone: The Avatar stole it from me.  That's why I brought you out here, to learn your destiny. You two will become bloodbenders of the highest order. When the time is right, you will claim Republic City and you will destroy the Avatar. You must avenge me. That is your purpose in life.
Tarrlok:  The good days were behind us.  Every full moon, our father took us on another supposed "hunting trip," where he secretly trained us in bloodbending.  We kept the truth from my mother.
Noatak bloodbends the creature, making it stand up, and forces its head back. The yak groans in pain.
Tarrlok:  Stop! You're hurting it!
Yakone: Toughen up, Tarrlok! You'll need a thicker skin for this.  Very good, son, very good.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Yakone and his sons hiding from a pack of wolves during the day.
Tarrlok:  A few years later, my father taught us to bloodbend anytime, without the need of the full moon.  We practiced constantly, and I hated every minute of it.  I had no stomach for manipulating helpless animals. My brother, however, seemed to revel in this newfound power.  He was a prodigy, mastering my father's psychic bloodbending technique by the time he was fourteen.
</scene>

<scene>
Noatak concentrates and the wolves turn around in unison. Noatak lifts his head, making the wolves rise in the air. Cut to a terrified Tarrlok, who gasps. Cut to Yakone, who briefly seems surprised at first, before smiling excitedly. Noatak lowers the wolves, making each one bow to him. The camera zooms back to Yakone and his sons.
Yakone:  That's the way it's done. That's what you need to strive for.
Tarrlok:  Even though Noatak was my father's favorite, it wasn't any easier for him. He carried the burden of all Yakone's expectations and demands.  Something changed in Noatak over the years;  the loving brother I once knew became cold and detached.  Our father pushed us to extremes, and one day, he made us bloodbend each other.
Yakone: Noatak, go!  Excellent.  Tarrlok, your turn.
Tarrlok: No.  I won't do it.
Yakone:  Bloodbend your brother, Tarrlok!
Tarrlok: That felt awful. I don't want to do that to anyone. I never want to bloodbend again.
Yakone: You're a disgrace, a weakling. I'll teach you a lesson, you insubordinate- 
Noatak:  Stay away from him.
Yakone: How dare you bloodbend me!
Noatak: What're you gonna do about it? You're the weak one.  You always say bloodbending is the most powerful thing in the world, but it isn't. The Avatar is. He took your bending away. What could be more powerful than that?
Yakone: I made you what you are. You're mine.
Noatak: We're your sons,  not your tools of revenge.  Let's go. We can run away from him.  Forever.
Tarrlok: Run away? But what about Mom? We can't just leave her.
Noatak: He was right about you. You are a weakling. 
Tarrlok: Noatak! Don't leave! Please! Noatak!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Yakone's wife taking animal skins off a clothesline as Yakone and Tarrlok walk toward her.
Tarrlok:  My father and I searched for days, but we never found a sign of Noatak. We thought he perished in that storm. My mother was never the same after the loss of my brother.  My father stopped training me. With Noatak gone, his hopes for revenge withered.  And he passed away, a few years later.
</scene>

<scene>
The scene fades from young Tarrlok to older Tarrlok telling the story to Mako and Korra.
Korra: That's one of the saddest stories I've ever heard.
Tarrlok: Avatar Korra. I am truly sorry for all that I did to you. I thought I was better than my father, but his ghost still shaped me. I became a soldier of revenge, just like he wanted me to be. And so did my brother. The revolution may be built on a lie, but I think Amon truly believes bending is the source of all evil in the world.
Mako: How did you figure out Amon is your brother?
Tarrlok: When he took my bending, the sensation was somehow familiar. I later recognized it as my brother's bloodbending grip.
Korra: So, he somehow uses bloodbending to take people's bending.
Tarrlok: I don't know how he does it, but then again, I've never encountered a bender as strong as Noatak.
Korra: How in the world do we beat him?
Mako: We can't. Any attack we throw at him, he'll redirect with his mind. That's how he's been able to challenge any bender.
Korra:  So much for our ambush. If we stay here, we're toast. But there's another way to beat him.
Mako: How?
Korra: This whole time, Amon has been one step ahead of us. But finally we have the advantage. We know the truth about him. If we expose him as a bender in front of all his supporters ...
Mako: At the rally.
Korra: ... We could take away his true power!
Mako: And undermine this whole revolution!
Korra:  Thank you, for your help.  We can't just leave him here.
Tarrlok:  Go. Amon can't know anyone spoke with me.  Defeat him. Put an end to this sad story. 
</scene>

<scene>
Korra and Mako run toward the trapdoor and climb down. Cut to credits.
Main Asami Sato Bolin General Iroh Korra Mako Antagonists Equalists Hiroshi Sato Lieutenant Noatak (Amon) Protester Yakone (flashback only): Minor Gommu Naga Pabu Tarrlok White Lotus sentries Yakone's wife (flashback only)<scene>
Shiro Shinobi:  Airbenders are mysteriously disappearing in Ba Sing Se, including Kai. The Earth Queen denied any knowledge of the airbenders, but Korra refuse to give up her search. Meanwhile, Mako and Bolin met their long lost relatives, who told them that Dai Li agents have been rounding up airbenders for the queen's army. And at a prison in the north, Tonraq and Lord Zuko prepare for Zaheer's imminent attack.
</scene>

<scene>
The scene opens to P'Li's prison cell where P'Li is breathing out cold air. The camera zooms out of her prison cells, showing her guards. Pan to the surface, where Tonraq, Desna, and Eska are standing outside P'Li's prison waiting for Lord Zuko and Druk's return. Druk lands on the ground heavily.
Tonraq: Did you see Zaheer?
Zuko: The only thing I saw was a snowstorm heading our way.
Tonraq:  That's not a snowstorm, it's him!
Tonraq and the group begins running toward the snowstorm Zaheer created to cover his snowcat. Zaheer continuously airbends to provide his group with some cover. The snowcat jumps out and Zaheer and Ming-Hua jumps off the snowcat afterward, running toward Tonraq's group.
Tonraq: I put you away once, Zaheer, and I'm going to do it again!
Tonraq waterbends a punch and an ice block at Zaheer, who dodges both attacks. Tonraq attacks Zaheer again, and he manages to dodge it again before sweeping Tonraq over. Desna and Eska begin attacking Ming-Hua with multiple ice shards at a rapid pace, which Ming-Hua dodges. The twins create a field of iceberg spikes, but Ming-Hua maneuvers through them with her water arms before she freezes the pair in ice blocks. She jumps up and breaks the ice on the ground with her waterbending before she glides down to P'Li's cell. A White Lotus sentry firebends at her, but she counters back, defeating him with little trouble. Another sentry attempts to waterbend at Ming-Hua, but she quickly strikes him. She freezes P'Li's prison cell's door, causing it to fall off of its hinges.
P'Li: Ming-Hua.
Ming-Hua: Let's get you out of here.
Ming-Hua waterbends the metal chains which restrains P'Li. P'Li stands up, removing the cuff on her forehead, revealing her "third eye" tattoo. She clings onto Ming-Hua's back, who uses two ice axes to climb P'Li and herself up to the surface.
P'Li: We could have just taken the elevator.  Show-off.
After the two of them reach the surface, Druk firebends at them. P'Li redirects the fire.
P'Li: I've waited thirteen years to feel this warm.
</scene>

<scene>
P'Li easily tames the fire before using her combustion ability to blast the dragon away. The scene shifts to Lord Zuko dodging a rock from Ghazan and retaliating with his firebending, before dodging again for another strike. Ghazan deflects Lord Zuko's blast before using a rock to strike Lord Zuko down. Tonraq tries to attack Zaheer, but the airbender continues dodging the blows. The fight ends with P'Li using her combustion on Tonraq. The criminals make their escape; Lord Zuko staring at their snowcat as it departs. The scene shifts to Zaheer and P'Li embracing.
P'Li: I thought I'd never see you again.
Zaheer: I've never doubted it. 
Ghazan: Really. Right now?
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to an aerial shot of the truck leaving the scene before switching to Mako and Bolin's extended family's household.
Tu:  I've got them. These passports should get you into the Upper Ring.
Bolin: Awesome! Tu, you're the best cousin that I can have.  And my other cousins as well. Yeah. Yeah, you're all the best.
Mako:  Thanks. I know this wasn't easy.
Yin: It's such a shame you two must leave so soon.
Mako: I wished we could stay. But if it's true the Earth Queen is forcing airbenders into her army, we have to do something about it.
Yin: I love you both. Come visit again. 
Mako: We will, Grandma.
Bolin: I love you too, Grandma. And Chow, and Tu, and Meng-Meng, and Chow Jr., there is Big Tee and Little Tee, and Medium Yu, and ... and ... and what was your name again?
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Team Avatar's residence, where Korra punches a protective glove in anger. Far shot of Korra, which shows that she is attacking Asami in combat attire.
Korra: I know that Earth Queen  is lying to me!  I can tell by that stupid little queenly smirk of hers! I can't believe I helped her. I should have known she was using me!
Korra rises with airbending and attacks Asami with an air kick, knocking off one of her protective gloves.
Asami: Hey, I think I can use a break. You letting off steam is starting to,  hurt. A lot.
Korra: Sorry.
Pabu chitters and run forward. The ladies turn to see Mako and Bolin running toward them, panting.
Asami: Mako. Bolin. You're okay. Where have you been?
Bolin:  We chased Kai. Train. Slipped away. Lower Ring. Slept in trash pile. Met our family. Grandma tears. Mako scarf.  Earth Queen. Lying. 
Asami: Can you interpret that?
Mako: The Earth Queen's been secretly taking away airbenders and forcing them into her army.
Korra:  She was lying. I knew it! I swear, the next time I see her-
Asami:  It's the Queen.
Korra softens and looks at the Queen, who is carried in a sedan.
Bolin:  Quick! Pabu. Shirt.  I know. Sorry. Kinda sweaty.
Hou-Ting: Good. You're here. Gun, tell them the news.
Gun: We've received word from the Yang Province. There have been reports of airbenders there.
Hou-Ting: Wonderful, isn't it? It's the very thing you've been looking for.
Korra:  Thank you! That is just the most wonderful news. Ever. Yay.
Hou-Ting: So, I assume you and your  friends here will be leaving immediately.  Is there an animal in my presence?
Gun: N-no, Your Majesty. I would never allow an animal near you. 
Hou-Ting:  If I find one within fifty feet of me, it's your head.  Anyway, if you need any assistance packing, let Gun know. He'll see to it that you're on your way by evening.
Korra: Uhh, this evening? I'm not sure about leaving so soon-
Asami: Because our airship is having engine trouble. It'll take me until tomorrow to finish the repairs.
Hou-Ting continues sneezing. Gun walks off, and the Queen follows, sneezing onto his sleeve.
Korra: Thanks for buying us some time.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the interior of Team Avatar's residence where everyone is having a meeting.
Tenzin: I can't believe the Earth Queen is conscripting airbenders.
Korra: Those people should not be forced to join an army!
Bumi: Well, technically, the Earth Queen has a right to conscript her citizens.  What? It's true.
Jinora:  Guys, what if Kai was spotted airbending? He might have been taken too.
Bolin: Probably not. He's surprisingly difficult to catch, like a— like a little, greased hog-monkey.
Jinora: But, what if he was?
Korra: Don't worry, Jinora. We'll find him. We just need to figure out where to look.
Mako: I bet they're under Lake Laogai.  What? I've been reading some of Jinora's books. The old Dai Li agents used to have a secret fortress beneath the lake.
Jinora: Mako's right! It's the perfect spot to hide airbenders, and I know how to check it out without being caught. I can project my spirit into it!
Bumi: You mean that out-of-body thing you did to help giant, spirity Korra?
Tenzin: You can still do that?!
Jinora: It's not as powerful as it was during Harmonic Convergence, but if I can get close enough, I think I can do it.
Korra: Let's go get Kai out. Let's get all the airbenders out.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the Dai Li fortress, where the airbenders are standing in pairs, one on either side.
Dai Li sergeant: You are the property of the Earth Kingdom.  You will become the Earth Queen's elite fighting force and protect her at all cost. It is your duty to serve the Earth Queen.
</scene>

<scene>
Two airbenders attack their opponents, cut to the other side, where they redirect the attacks and counter, knocking them off. Kai redirects his opponents blast and prepares to attack fiercely.
Yung: Go easy on me! I'm not that good.
Kai throws out a weak blast, which Yung easily dodges. Both smile at each other.
Dai Li sergeant:  Never show mercy! Now attack your opponent, and this time, like you mean it!
Kai throws a strong blast, easily knocking Yung out.
Kai:  Sorry.
Dai Li sergeant: A soldier never apologizes to his enemy!
Kai: I'm not a soldier!
Dai Li sergeant: You will be when I'm through with you.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Oogi approaching Lake Laogai, then to an island in the middle of the lake, where Jinora is in a meditative stance.
Tenzin: If anything goes wrong, come back immediately.
Jinora: I will.
As Tenzin walks off, Jinora prepares to meditate. Pan to the underground fortress, which is flooded, where Jinora's ghostly spirit appears. She fades off and scans two more areas, before returning to her body.
Korra: What happened? What did you see?
Jinora: The airbenders aren't there! It's completely deserted.
Tenzin: They're not down there?!
Korra: Jinora, you've read all about Ba Sing Se. Can you think of any other places the airbenders might be?
Jinora: I guess they could be in the catacombs beneath the Upper Ring, or the ancient sewers beneath the Lower Ring, or the maze of tunnels that connect the rings together, or they could be—
Tenzin:  There are just too many places. There has to be another way to locate them.
Korra: Maybe there is.  How did you find me during Harmonic Convergence?
Jinora: I don't know. I just kind of focused on your energy. I think our spiritual connection led me to you.
Korra: Maybe you can find Kai the same way. I know you two have a connection.
Tenzin:  What do you mean "a connection"?
Jinora: I don't know. Let me try.
</scene>

<scene>
Jinora returns to meditating. Cut to the fortress, where the Dai Li sergeant bends multiple earth discs to the airbenders, who attempt to block it with airbending. Only Kai was able to block the attack. The sergeant bends out more earth discs, and Kai blocks the attack meant for Yung.
Yung: Thanks.
Dai Li sergeant: You again?! If you have time to help your friend, then you're not getting enough rocks for yourself!
The sergeant attacks Kai with multiple discs. Kai managed to deflect the first two, dodge the next two, but was subsequently struck by the fifth and knocked down.
Dai Li sergeant: I guess you're not as good as you thought.
Kai attempts to attack the sergeant with an air blast, which he easily dodges. The sergeant immobilizes him in an earth shell.
Dai Li sergeant: Throw him in the hole!
Two Dai Li agents grab Kai and throw him into a prison cell. Kai looks away sadly before Jinora's ghostly spirit appears, shocking him.
Kai: Jinora?
Jinora: It worked!
Kai: How are you here right now?
Jinora: Shh, quiet. It's a high-level airbender move. With a little spiritual stuff thrown in.
Kai:  At first, for a second there, I thought you were a ghost.
Jinora:  It's good to see you. We've been looking for you and the other airbenders. We're going to get you all out of here. Where are we anyway?
Kai: Underground somewhere. Other than that, I don't have a clue.
Jinora: I'll figure it out. Don't worry.
Kai: Jinora!  Thanks.
Jinora smiles and travels upward. Pan to the surface, where she looks back to see the temple.
Jinora: The Earth Queen's Temple!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Team Avatar's residence.
Korra: I can't believe Miss Queeny Smug Face had them right under our noses the whole time!
Tenzin: We have to get into that compound tonight and get those airbenders out.
Bumi: All right. We go in under the cover of darkness: two small insertion teams and a third on the outside. Then all we'll need is twelve tons of blasting jelly, a medium-sized bulldozer and ... does anyone have a badgermole that knows Morse code?
Tenzin: 
There is a knock at the door.
Asami:  Oh great, not the Queen again.
Korra: Everyone, act natural. And Bolin -
Bolin: I'm on it!  What? Hey, I'm not sweaty this time! 
Tenzin glances at others and opens the door. Lin walks in.
Tenzin:  Lin? What are you doing here?
Lin: We need to get Korra out of here immediately. Her life's in danger.
Korra: What?!  What's going on?
Lin: I just got word from Lord Zuko and Tonraq.
Korra: Why is Lord Zuko with my dad?
Lin: Zaheer and the others have escaped.
Tenzin: How is that possible?
Lin: Because Zaheer is an airbender now.
Tenzin: No ...
Korra:  All right, hold on! Will you quit ignoring me and tell me what's going on? Who's Zaheer? Why is my life in danger?
Tenzin:  Shortly after we found out you were the Avatar, Zaheer and three others attempted to kidnap you. Luckily, your father, Lord Zuko, Chief Sokka and I were there to stop them. We apprehended the criminals and locked them away in prisons designed to impair their abilities.
Korra: So that's why you and my dad sheltered me away.
Tenzin: It was for your own safety.
Mako:  Why were they trying to kidnap Korra?
Lin: We spent thirteen years interrogating them, but they never broke. To this day, no one knows what their motive was.  Now we need to get you back to Republic City, where I can protect you.
Korra: No ... I'm not running.
Lin: Korra, you don't understand. These criminals are like nothing you've ever faced before.
Korra:  Look, I'm not a little kid anymore. You don't need to protect me. I came here for one thing: to find airbenders. And I'm not leaving without them.
Lin: Fine. Let's get them and get out of here. Where are they?
Korra: In a military compound, and we're busting them out.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the temple at night, where two royal guards are on patrol when they run into Jinora.
Jinora: Hi.
Guard #1: Hey! What are you doing here?
Guard #2: Oh, it's just that little airbender girl who came with the Avatar. You shouldn't be walking around here all alone.
Jinora:  I'm not alone. 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the interior of the temple where Team Avatar enter. They enter a doorway to hide from patrolling Dai Li agents.
Tenzin: Bumi and Korra, come with me to find the airbenders.  You three, find Kai. We'll meet on the surface shortly. Radio us if anything goes wrong.
</scene>

<scene>
Team Avatar head their separate ways. Cut to the prison cell, where Korra opens the door, awakening the airbenders.
Yung: What's going on? Who are you?
Korra: I'm the Avatar, and I'm getting you all out of here. 
Tenzin: Everyone, please! You must stay calm and quiet if we want this to work.
Yung: What to work?  We're sneaking out?
Korra: Yes, and we must leave now.
Tenzin: We're going to get you away from the Earth Queen and out of the city. 
Yung: There's an airbender that's not here. His name is Kai. We need to get him.
Tenzin: We're already taking care of it.
Bumi:  Topside, this is Papa Bear. The breezies are in the hold; cue the balloons!
Lin:  What? Are you in trouble?
Bumi: No! We've got the airbenders and we're headed out!  No one likes code names anymore.
Lin: Copy that. Asami and I are on our way.
</scene>

<scene>
Asami and Lin pilot their respective airships and take off. Oogi rises and follows the airships. Cut back to Kai's prison, as the door opens, and Kai looks up.
Mako: Come on. We're getting you out.
Jinora: Kai! 
Bolin: Whoa! Tenzin's not gonna be happy about this!
Mako: Then don't tell him.
Bolin: How can I not? This is too juicy!
Kai:  Thanks for coming to get me. I'm really sorry about stealing your wallets, and running away, and getting you stuck on that train.
Bolin:  We can't stay mad at you.
Mako: Yes, we can! I had a lot of money in that wallet!
Jinora: Guys, come on! 
Dai Li sergeant: Deserting Her Majesty's army is high treason. Punishable by death! 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Korra behind a wall. She stares at the courtyard outside the temple.
Korra:  Come on! It's clear. 
Hou-Ting: So, you've discovered my elite army. I see their loyalty still needs some work.
Korra: These airbenders shouldn't be used as weapons! They have a right to choose their own paths.
Hou-Ting: These airbenders are Earth Kingdom citizens, and I am their queen. Taking them will constitute an act of war. If you disobey me, I will bear down on you with the entire force of my kingdom!
Korra: They're leaving with me!
Hou-Ting: No, they're not!
Hou-Ting turns and walks away, and the first row of Dai Li agents begins bending rock gloves at Team Avatar and the airbenders. All of the airbenders begin bending blasts of air back at the Dai Li, attempting to hold their ground while the airship ladder lands to give them a lift.
Bumi: Come on!
</scene>

<scene>
The scene shifts to Kai, Jinora, Mako, and Bolin, who are still fighting the three agents. Mako avoids a rock glove, and he and Bolin fire attacks back at the agents, who successfully evade Mako's attack. However, one of them is knocked against the wall by an earth pillar sent by Bolin. Another agent charges and receives the same fate. Mako firebends at the last remaining agent, who stops the blast with an earth pillar. He sends a rock glove spiraling quickly at Jinora, and manages to capture her into his grip. Close-up on Kai's face with a look of shock, followed by anger. He charges at the agent, avoiding a boulder sent his way, and fires two air bending blasts to knock the agent backward and free Jinora.
Kai:  I guess I am as good as I thought.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the airship, as two final airbenders enter. Cut to Lin in the control room, listening to her walkie-talkie.
Bumi: Everyone's in. Let's go!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Tenzin and Korra, who are firing air blasts at Dai Li agents attempting to climb the temple and stop the escape. Tenzin whistles for his bison.
Tenzin: Oogi!
Tenzin and Korra jump on and Oogi begins to fly away, as the Earth Queen looks on.
Hou-Ting:  Take down those airships! 
Korra: Where are the others? 
Bolin:  We need help!
Dai Li agents rise to new heights on earth pillars, and begin firing down at the escapees. Korra steers Oogi away from the airship.
Bolin: Everybody, hang on.
Bolin sends himself and his allies into the air with an earth pillar, as Oogi flies over to break their fall.
Kai: Whoa, that was awesome!
</scene>

<scene>
Cut back to the Earth Queen, who points at Oogi and the airship flying off in the distance. Pieces of Oogi's fur fall onto her face.
Hou-Ting: Bring me those airships now!  Oh, get it off me!  Get this fur off my- 
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to Oogi and the airships fully escaping. Cut to the airships landing near ruins atop a range of hills in the desert. Cut to Tenzin and Korra standing before the airbenders.
Tenzin: I know that none of you chose to become airbenders. But now you do have a choice. We can relocate you somewhere safe, or you can come with me to the Northern Air Temple, to live in peace and train as Air Nomads. You are no longer anyone's property. What path you decide is up to you.
Yung: I want to go with you.
Other airbender #1: Me too.
Other airbender #2: Count me in.
As more airbenders agree to go with Tenzin, tears form in his eyes as he smiles.
Korra: Good luck at the Northern Air Temple. I'll send more airbenders your way when I find them.
Tenzin: Be careful out there. Stay safe.
Korra: I'll try. Seems like wherever I go, I make a new enemy.
Tenzin: But you made some new friends too. You did well, Korra. 
Korra: This is only the beginning.
</scene>

<scene>
Cut to the airship and Oogi, simultaneously rising and flying off in different directions. Cut to credits.
Main Asami Sato Bumi Bolin Jinora Kai Korra Mako Tenzin Antagonists Dai Li Ghazan Hou-Ting Ming-Hua P'Li Zaheer: Minor Chow Desna and Eska Druk Gun Lin Beifong Naga Oogi Pabu San Tonraq Tu White Lotus sentries Yin Zuko