Water
Earth
Fire
Air
Long ago,the four nations lived together in harmony
then everything changed when the firenation attacked
Only the avatar mastered all four elements could stop them
but when the world needed him most he vanished
airbinder named Aang
And although his airbinding skill is great,
he has a lot to learn before he is ready to save anyone.
but I believe...
... Aang can save the world
=AVATAR=-
The last airbender
Sub Tucity
Previously on
Avatar...
My name's Jet. I've done some things in my past that I'm not proud of.
But that's why I'm going to Ba Sing Se, for a new beginning.
I can't believe how many people's lives have been uprooted by the Fire Nation.
We're all looking for a better life. Safe, behind the walls of Ba Sing Se.
So why are you guys getting tickets for the ferry?
Appa is missing, we hope to find him in Ba-Sing-Se.
I'll find Appa as fast as I can.
Sorry, Momo, Appa's gonna have to wait.
Book two Earth
Chapter thirteen The Drill
This drill is a feat of scientific ingenuity and raw destructive power.
Once it tunnels through the wall,
our troops will storm their city.
The Earth kingdom will finally fall,
and you can claim Ba Sing Se in the name of your father.
Nothing can stop us.
Hmm. What about those muscle-y guys down there?
Please
the drill's metal shell is impervious to any earthbending attack.
Oh, I'm sure it is War Minister Ching. But just to be on the safe side?
Mai, and Ty lee, take the earthbenders out!
Finally, something to do.
Aang, what are you doing here? I thought you were looking for Appa?
I was, but something stopped me. Something big.
Now what's so big that Appa has to wait?
That
We made it to Ba Sing Se, and we're still not safe.
No one is.
What are you people doing here?
Civilians aren't allowed on the wall.
I'm the Avatar. Take me to whoever's in charge.
It is an honor to welcome you to the outer wall young Avatar,
but your help is not needed.
Not needed?
Not needed.
I have the situation under control.
I assure you the Fire Nation cannot penetrate this wall.
Many have tried to break through it, but none have succeeded.
What about the Dragon of the West? He got in.
Well...uh...technically yes. But he was quickly expunged.
Nevertheless, that is why the city is named Ba Sing Se.
It's the impenetrable city.
They don't call it Na Sing Se.
That means penetrable city.
Yeah, thanks for the tour, but we still got the drill problem.
Not for long. To stop it, I've sent ...
an elite platoon of earthbenders called the Terra Team.
That's a good group name, very catchy.
Ready! Attack!
We're doomed!
Get a hold of yourself man!
You're right, I'm sorry.
Maybe you'd like the Avatar's help now?
Yes, please.
The question is, how are we gonna stop that thing?
Why are you all looking at me?
You're the idea guy.
So I'm the only one who can ever come up with a plan?
That's a lot of pressure.
And also the complaining guy.
That part I don't mind.
So, Mr. Lee, and Mr.... umm Mushy is it?
It's pronounced Moo-shee.
You telling me how to do my job?
no, no.
But may I just say that you're like a flower in bloom, your beauty intoxicating.
You're pretty easy on the eyes yourself handsome.
Welcome to Ba Sing se.
I'm gonna forget I saw that.
I think Lee would make a good Freedom Fighter.
He's just trying to find his way in the world, like us.
You don't know anything about him Jet.
I know he didn't get that scar from a waterbender.
Besides, I thought we were going straight now?
We are, and the new Freedom Fighters could use a guy like Lee.
What do you think Longshot?
I can respect that.
What's wrong with him? He doesn't look injured.
His Chi is blocked.
Who did this to you?
Two girls ambushed us,
one of them hit me with a bunch of quick jabs,
and suddenly I couldn't earthbend, and I could barely move
and then she cart wheeled away.
Ty-Lee
She doesn't look dangerous, but she knows the human body and it's weak points.
It's like she takes you down from the inside.
Yes£¿
What you just said,
that's how we're gonna take down the Drill.
The same way Ty lee took down all these big earthbenders.
By hitting its pressure points!
We'll take it down from the inside.
Once I whip up some cover, you're not gonna be able to see, so stay close to me.
Run!
Hey, look at that dust cloud.  It's so...poofy. Poof!
Don't worry Princess. I'm sure it's nothing.
Everyone into the hole!
It's so dark down here, I can't see a thing.
Oh no, what a nightmare.
Sorry.
There!
Toph, Come on!
No way am I going in that metal monster. I can't bend in there.
I'll try to slow it down out here.
Okay, good luck.
I need a plan of this machine. Some schematics that show what the inside looks like.
Then we can find it's weak points.
Where are we gonna get something like that?
What are you doing!? Someone's gonna hear us!
That's the point.
I figure a machine this big needs engineers to run it,
and when something breaks...
They come to fix it.
Hi!
This'll work, thanks!
It looks like the Drill is made up of two main structures.
There's the inner mechanism, where we are now,
and the outer shell.
The inner part and the outer part are connected by these braces.
If we cut through them, the entire thing will collapse.
So, you guys got plans once you're inside the city?
Get your hot tea here! Finest tea in Ba Sing Se!
Oh! Jasmine, please.
Blaugh! Ugh. Coldest tea in Ba Sing Se is more like it.
What a disgrace!
Hey, can I talk to you for a second?
You and I have a much better chance of making it in the city if we stick together.
You want to join the Freedom Fighters?
Thanks, but I don't think you want me in your gang.
Come on, we made a great team looting that Captain's food. Think of all the good we could do for these refugees.
I said no.
Have it your way.
Hey!
What are you doing firebending your tea?
For a wise old man, that was a pretty stupid move.
I know you're not supposed to cry over spilled tea, but
.. that's so sad.
Wow, it looks a lot thicker in person than it does in the plans.
We're going to have to work pretty hard to cut through that.
What's this we stuff? Aang and I are going to have to do all the work.
Look, I'm the plan guy, You two are the "cut stuff up with waterbending" guys.
Together, we're Team Avatar!
C'mon team, don't quit now, we're...
I mean, you're almost there.
At this rate, we won't do enough damage before the drill reaches the wall.
I don't know how many more of those I have in me.
Do you hear that? We took it down. We better get out of here fast!
Congratulations crew, the Dill has made contact with the wall of Ba Sing Se.
Start the countdown to victory!
C'mon brace, budge!
This is bad, really bad.
We're putting everything we've got into busting these braces, but it's taking too long!
Maybe we don't need to cut all the way through.
Toph has been teaching me that you shouldn't give 100% of your energy into any one strike.
Sokka, take a fighting stance.
You've gotta be quick and accurate.
Hit a series of points, and break your opponent's stance.
And when he's reeling back, you deliver the final blow
His own weight becomes his downfall. Literally.
So we just need to weaken the braces, instead of cut all the way through.
Then I'll go to the top of this thing, and deliver the final blow.
And boom, it all comes crashing down!
Everyone inside that wall, the whole world, is counting on us.
The whole world, minus the Fire Nation that is.
C'mon twinkle toes, hurry up!
That's enough, we need to get to the next one!
War Minister, an engineer was ambushed! His schematics were stolen!
War Minister, a brace on the starboard side has been cut clean through! It's sabotage sir!
Let's go ladies.
Good work Team Avatar. Now Aang just needs to ... DUCK!
Wow Azula, you were right, it is the Avatar! ...and friends.
hey
Guys get out of here, I know what I need to do.
Wait! You need this water more than I do!
Follow them, the Avatar is mine.
Slurry pipeline? What does that mean?
It's rock and water mixed together, it means our way out.
Ughh, disgusting!
Come on, you heard Azula. We have to follow them.
She can shoot all the lightning she wants at me, I am not going in that wall sludge juice.
Why don't you try blocking my chi now circus freak!
Katara, keep that up.
The pressure will build up in the drill, then when Aang delivers the final blow, it will be ready to pop!
This looks like a good spot Momo.
General Sung, tell your soldiers to stop shooting rocks down here!
Soldiers, whatever you do, don't stop shooting rocks down there!
Good technique little sister!
Keep it up! Don't forget to breathe!
You know, I am just about sick and tired of you telling me what to do all day.
You're like a chattering Hog-Monkey!
Just bend the slurry woman!!
You guys need some help?
Toph, help me plug up this drain!
What I'd give to be a metal bender.
Momo, get out of here!
Thanks Momo, I owe you one.
Now all I need is a......
Actually, that is what I needed for once.
Here it comes!
We lost.
Last call for Ba Sing se!
Jet, relax! So the old guy had some hot tea. Big deal.
He heated it himself! Those guys are firebenders.
What a handsome baby.
Thank you.
I just want to say, good effort out there today Team Avatar.
Enough with the Team Avatar stuff.
No matter how many times you say it, it's not gonna catch on.
How about...
the "Boomerang Squad",
see it's good cause it's got "Aang" in it.
Boomer- Aang
I kinda like that one.
Let's talk about this on our way into the city.
The "Aang Gang"?
Sokka
The "Fearsome Foursome"?
You're crazy.
Why? We're fearsome!
=To be Continued=-
Sub Tucity
