Water
Earth
Fire
Air
Long ago,the four nations lived together in harmony
then everything changed when the firenation attacked
Only the avatar mastered all four elements could stop them
but when the world needed him most he vanished
airbinder named Aang
And although his airbinding skill is great,
he has a lot to learn before he is ready to save anyone.
but I believe...
... Aang can save the world
=AVATAR=-
The last airbender
Sub Tucity
Previously on
Avatar...
I can't believe we finally made it to Ba Sing Se in one piece.
I just want our new place to look nice, in case someone brings home a lady friend.
I don't want to make a life here.
Here we are, your new home.
We need to talk to the King about the war.
Your request for an audience with the Earth King is being processed, and should be put through in about a month.
If we are going to be here for a month, we should spend our time looking for Appa.
Book two Earth
Chapter fifteen The Tales of Ba Sing Se
=The Tale of Toph and Katara=-
Toph, aren't you gonna to get ready for the day?
I'm ready.
You're not gonna wash up? You've got a little dirt on your...
...everywhere actually.
You call it dirt. I call it a healthy coating of earth.
Hmmm. You know what we need?
A girl's day out!
Do I have to?
It'll be fun.
The Fancy Lady Day Spa? Sounds like my kinda place.
Are you ready for some serious pampering?
Sure Katara,
whatever you say. As long as they don't touch my feet.
Well, that wasn't so bad.
I'm not usually into that stuff, but I actually feel...
...girly
I'm glad,
it's about time we did something fun together.
Great makeup.
Thanks.
For a clown!
Don't listen to them, let's just keep walking.
I think she looks cute. Like that time we put that sweater on your pet poodle monkey.
Good one, Star!
Let's go Toph.
No, no. That was a good one! "Like your poodle-monkey"?
You know what else is a good one?
Now that was funny.
Those girls don't know what they're talking about.
It's ok. One of the good things about being blind is ...
...I don't have to waste my time worrying about appearances.
I don't care what I look like. I'm not looking for anyone's approval.
I know who I am.
That's what I really admire about you, Toph.
You're so strong and confidant and self assured. And ...
I know it doesn't matter, but...you're really pretty.
I am?
Yeah. You are.
I'd return the compliment, but I have no idea what you look like.
Thank you, Katara.
=The Tale of Iroh=-
If this is for a romantic picnic, may I suggest this lavender one?
No, it is not a romantic picnic,
but it is a special occasion.
The moonflower likes partial shade.
It's ok.... It's ok....
Leaves from the vine,
falling so slow.
Like fragile, tiny shells, Drifting in the foam.
Little soldier boy,
come marching home.
Brave soldier boy,
comes marching home.
It is usually best to admit mistakes when they occur,
and to seek to restore honor.
When I am through with you kids, the window won't be the only thing that's broken!
But not this time. Run!
You.
Give me all your money!
What are you doing?
I'm mugging you!
With that stance?
What? What are you talking about?
Just give me your money, old man!
With a poor stance you are unbalanced, and you can be easily knocked over.
With a solid stance, you are a much more serious threat.
Much better!
But to tell you the truth, you do not look like the criminal type.
I know. I'm...I'm just confused.
So you really think I could be a good masseur?
Of course!
This is so great! No one has ever believed in me.
While it is always best to believe in one's self,
a little help from others can be a great blessing.
Happy Birthday my son.
If only I could have helped you.
Leaves from the vine,
falling so slow.
Like fragile, tiny shells, Drifting in the foam.
Little soldier boy, come marching home.
Brave soldier boy, comes marching home.
In Honor of Mako
=The Tale of Aang=-
Hey there, fella. You look hungry.
Hm! They are hungry.
The Dai Li won't give me any money because the kids stopped coming.
And the kids won't come because my zoo's nasty and broke.
What kind of animal is that?
Oh, that's rabbiroo. I wish I could get her a big open prairie like she likes.
I'd let her hop her way to happiness.
Let's do it!
Say again?
There's a big open space right outside the walls of the city.
But how are you gonna transport all these wild critters?
Don't worry. I'm great with animals.
My cab...
oh, forget it!
This was so much easier in my head!
But you have to open this gate!
Or what?
Or that!
Open the gate!
Well, Mr. Zookeeper, how do you like your new facilities?
Excellent job, Avatar.
You should think about working with animals for a living.
Mommy, Ms. Snowflake got out of the house again.
Fluffykins?
What are you doing down there?
On second thought, you should probably stick to saving people.
=The Tale of Sokka=-
What's this?
Through all the long night,
winter moon glows with bright love,
sleet her silver tears.
Poetry.
I am so sorry.
Something struck me in the rear.
I just "wound up" here?
Five seven then five, syllables mark a Haiku,
remarkable oaf.
They call me Sokka,
that is in the water tribe,
I am not an oaf.
Chittering monkey, in the spring he climbs treetops, and thinks himself tall.
You think you're so smart, with your fancy little words, this is not so hard.
Whole seasons are spent mastering the form,
the style, none calls it easy!
I calls it easy! Like I paddle my canoe, I'll paddle yours too!
There's nuts and there's fruits, in fall the clinging plumb drops, always to be squashed.
Squish-squash, sling that slang. I'm always right back at ya, like my... Boomerang.
That's right I'm Sokka, it's pronounced with an "okka", young ladies, I rocked ya!
that's one too many syllables there, bub.
Poetry.
=The Tale of Zuko=-
Uncle, we have a problem.
One of the customers is on to us.
Don't look now, but there is a girl over there at the corner table.
She knows we're fire nation.
Didn't I say don't look!
You're right Zuko.
I've seen that girl in here quite a lot.
Seems to me she has quite a little crush on you.
What?
Thank you for the tea.
What's your name?
My name's Lee. My Uncle and I just moved here.
Hi Lee, my name is Jin.
Thank you and, well,
I was wondering if you would like to go out sometime?
He'd love to!
Great! I will meet you in front of the shop at sundown.
Hey. Well, look at you. You look so cute!
It took my Uncle ten minutes to do my hair.
So, how do you like the city so far?
It's ok.
What do you like to do for fun?
Nothing
Excuse me sir. Would you and your girlfriend care for dessert?
She is not my girlfriend!
You have... quite an appetite for a girl.
Thanks...
So, Lee, where were you and your Uncle living before you came here?
Well, we've been traveling around for a long time.
Why were you traveling so much?
We were uh, apart of this traveling circus.
Really? What did you do? Wait, lemme guess,
you juggled!
Yes. I juggled.
I've always wanted to learn how to juggle. Can you show me something?
I haven't practiced for awhile.
It's alright.
Hey, I want to show you one of my favorite places in the city.
I'm so excited for you to see the firelight fountain.
The lamps make the water sparkle and reflect in the pool in the most beautiful way.
I can't believe it! They arn't lit.
Close your eyes and don't peak.
Ok. Now you can look.
What happened? How did they light? What did you..
I brought you something.
It's a coupon for a free cup of tea.
Lee, this is so sweet.
Don't thank me. It was my Uncle's idea. He thinks you're our most valuable customer.
Your Uncle is a good teacher.
I have something for you too.  Now it's your turn to close your eyes.
What's wrong?
It's complicated.
I have to go.
How was your night Prince Zuko?
It was nice.
=The Tale of Momo=-
=To be Continued=-
Sub Tucity
