Water
Earth
Fire
Air
Long ago,the four nations lived together in harmony
then everything changed when the firenation attacked
Only the avatar mastered all four elements could stop them
but when the world needed him most he vanished
airbinder named Aang
And although his airbinding skill is great,
he has a lot to learn before he is ready to save anyone.
but I believe...
... Aang can save the world
=AVATAR=
Previously on
Avatar...
We're heading to Ba-Sing-Se
Why would we go to the Earth Kingdom capital?
The city is filled with refugees
uh... what's Suki up to?
Actually, she and the other warriors left to fight in the war.
Tell me where Appa is!
I traded him!
He's probably in Ba-Sing-Se by now!
Book two Earth
Chapter twelve The Serpent's Pass
Waterbending bomb!
Sure, 5000 year old maps from the spirit library, just splash some water on 'em.
Sorry.
So, did you figure out what route we're gonna take?
Okay. We just got out of the desert, so we must be around here,
and we need to go to Ba Sing Se, which is here.
It looks like the only passage connecting the South to the North...
...is this sliver of land called the Serpent's Pass.
You're sure that's the best way to go?
It's the only way,
I mean it's not like we have Appa to fly us there.
Shush up about Appa. Can't you at least try to be sensitive?
Katara, it's ok.
I know I was upset about losing Appa before,
but I just want to focus on getting to Ba Sing Se,
and telling the Earth King about the solar eclipse.
Oh, well, ok. I'm glad you're doing better.
Then to Ba Sing Se we go, no more distractions.
Hello there fellow refugees!
So, are you guys headed to Ba Sing Se too?
Sure are, we're trying to get there before my wife Ying has her baby.
Great, we can travel through the Serpent's Pass together.
The Serpent's Pass?! Only the truly desperate take that deadly route.
Deadly route. Great pick, Sokka.
Well, we are desperate.
You should come with us to Full Moon Bay.
Ferries take refugees across the lake. It's the fastest way to Ba Sing Se.
And it's hidden, so the Fire Nation can't find it.
Hmmm, peaceful ferry ride... or deadly pass?
I can't believe how many people's lives have been uprooted by the Fire Nation.
We're all looking for a better life. Safe, behind the walls of Ba Sing Se.
Who would have thought, after all these years, I'd return to the scene of my greatest military disgrace...
as a tourist...
Look around, we're not tourists, we're refugees.
I'm sick of eating rotten food, sleeping in the dirt... I'm tired of living like this.
Aren't we all?
My name's Jet, and these are my freedom fighters,
Smellerbee, and Longshot.
Hey
Hello
Here's the deal.
I hear the Captain's eating like a king, while us refugees have to feed off his scraps.
Doesn't seem fair, does it?
What sort of "king" is he eating like?
The fat, happy kind.
You want to help us "liberate" some food?
I'm in.
I've told you already, no vegetables on the ferry!
One cabbage slug could destroy the entire ecosystem of Ba Sing Se.
Security!
Ah! My Cabbages!
Next!
Um, four tickets for the ferry to Ba Sing Se, please.
Passport.
Uh, no one told us we had to have passports.
Don't you know who this is? He's the Avatar!
Ah, I see fifty Avatars a day, and by the way, not a very impressive costume.
Besides, no animals allowed. Do I need to call security?
That won't be necessary.
Next!
I'll take care of this.
My name is Toph Bei Fong, and I'll need 4 tickets.
Oh! The Golden Seal of the Flying Boar,
it is my pleasure to help anyone of the Bei Fong family.
It is your pleasure. As you can see I am blind, and these three imbeciles are my valets.
But the animal...
Is my Seeing-Eye Lemur.
Well, normally it's only 1 ticket per passport, but,
this document is so official,
I guess it's worth 4 tickets.
Thank you very much.
Alright, we scammed that lady good!
Tickets and passports please.
Is there a problem?
Yeah,
I've got a problem with you.
I've seen your type before,
probably sarcastic, think your hilarious, and let me guess, you're traveling with the Avatar.
Do I know you?
You mean you don't remember?
Maybe you remember this.
Suki!
Sokka, it's good to see you!
You look so different without your makeup, and the new outfit.
That crabby lady makes all the security guards wear them.
And look at you sleeveless guy. Been working out?
I'll grab a tree branch and do a few chin touches every now and then, nothing major.
Are the other Kyoshi warriors around?
Yeah, after you left Kyoshi, we wanted to find a way to help people.
We ended up escorting some refugees, and we've been here ever since.
Hi Momo, good to see you too.
So why are you guys getting tickets for the ferry? Wouldn't you just fly across on Appa?
Appa is missing. We hope to find him in Ba Sing Se.
I'm so sorry to hear that.
Are you doing okay?
I'm doing fine. Would everybody stop worrying about me!
Avatar Aang, you have to help us!
Someone took all of our belongings.
Our passports, our tickets. Everything's gone!
I'll talk to the lady for you.
No passports, no tickets!
But she's pregnant, and all of their stuff was stolen. You have to make an exception.
No exceptions!
If I just gave away tickets willy nilly to anyone, there would be no more order,
and you know what that means. No more civilization!
What if we gave them our tickets?
NO!
But...
NEXT!
Don't worry, you'll get to the city safely. I'll lead you through the serpents pass.
I can't believe we gave up our tickets, and now we're going through the Serpent's Pass.
I can't believe you're still complaining about it.
I'm coming too.
Are you sure that's a good idea?
Sokka, I thought you'd want me to come...
I do, it's just...
Just what?
Nothing. I'm glad you're coming.
This is the Serpent's Pass?
I thought it would be more windy, you know, like a serpent. Hmm,
I guess they misnamed it.
Look at this writing, how awful.
What does it say?
It says, "Abandon hope".
How could we abandon hope? It's all we have.
I don't know. The monks used to say that hope is just a distraction.
So maybe we do need to abandon it.
What are you talking about?
Hope isn't going to get us into Ba Sing Se, and it's not gonna find Appa.
We need to focus on what we're doing right now, and that's getting across this pass.
Ok, if you say so.
The fire nation controls the western lake.
Rumor has it they're working on something big on the other side, and they don't want anyone to find out what it is.
I'm okay.
They've spotted us! Let's go, let's go!
Suki, are you ok? You have to be more careful! Come on.
Thanks for saving my life Toph. Hey no problem Sokka.
Suki, you shouldn't sleep there.
Who knows how stable this ledge is? It could give way at any moment.
Sokka, I'm fine. Stop worrying!
You're right, you're right. You're perfectly capable of taking care of yourself...
Wait!
Oh, never mind. I thought I saw a spider, but you're fine.
Guards coming!
You know, it's o. k. to miss Appa.
What's going on with you?
In the desert, all you cared about was finding Appa,
and now it's like you don't care about him at all.
You saw what I did out there.
I was so angry about losing Appa, I couldn't control myself.
I hated feeling like that.
But now you're not letting yourself feel anything.
I know sometimes it hurts more to hope, and it hurts more to care.
But you have to promise me that you won't stop caring.
C'mon, you need a hug.
Thank you for your concern Katara.
It's a beautiful moon.
Yeah, it really is.
Look, I know you're just trying to help, but I can take care of myself.
I know you can.
Then why are you acting so over protective?
It's so hard to lose someone you care about.
Something happened at the North Pole, and I couldn't protect someone.
I don't want anything like that to ever happen again.
I lost someone I cared about.
He didn't die, he just went away.
I only had a few days to get to know him, but he was...
smart, and brave, and funny.
Who is this guy? Is he taller than me?
No, he's about your height.
Is he better looking?
It is you stupid!
Oh!
I can't.
I'm... sorry.
No, you shouldn't be.
So, Smellerbee, that's an unusual name for a young man.
Maybe it's because I'm not a man. I'm a girl!
Oh, now I see! It's a beautiful name for a lovely girl!
I know. You're right. As long as I'm confident with who I am, it doesn't matter what other people think.
Thanks Longshot.
From what I heard, people eat like this every night in Ba Sing Se.
I can't wait to set my eyes on that giant wall.
It is a magnificent sight.
So you've been there before?
Once, when I was a different man.
I've done some things in my past that I'm not proud of.
But that's why I'm going to Ba Sing Se, for a new beginning.
A second chance.
That's very noble of you.
I believe people can change their lives if they want to.
I believe in second chances.
Everyone single file.
Aang, I need help.
What is that thing?
I think I just figured out why they call it the Serpent's Pass.
Suki, you know about giant sea monsters. Make it go away!
Just because I live near the Unagi doesn't mean I'm an expert!
Oh great and powerful sea serpent, please accept this humble and tasty offering. Thank you.
Sokka!
I'll distract him. Katara, get everyone across.
Toph, come on. It's just ice.
Actually, I'm gonna stay on my little island where I can see.
Ok, I'm coming!
You're doing great! Just follow the sound of my voice!
It's hard to ignore.
You're almost there.
Help! I can't swim!
I'm coming Toph!
Help!
Oh Sokka, you saved me.
Actually, it's me.
Oh, well... heheh... You can go ahead and let me drown now.
There's the wall!
Now it's nothing but smooth sailing to Ba Sing Se.
Oh, no.
What's wrong?
The baby's coming!
What!? Now!?
Can't you hold it in or something?
Sokka, Calm down. I helped Gran-Gran deliver lots of babies back home.
This isn't the same as delivering an arctic seal! This is a real "human" thing!
It's called a baby, and I helped to deliver plenty of those too.
Aang, get some rags. Sokka, water.
Toph, I need you to make an earth tent. A big one.
Suki, come with me.
You know, as soon as I saw your scar, I knew exactly who you were.
You're an outcast, like me.
And us outcasts have to stick together. We have to watch each other's backs,
because no one else will.
I've realized lately, that being on your own isn't always the best path.
You're doing great Ying.
Sokka! Where's that water?
Get ready to push.
One, two, three... PUSH!
It's a girl!
So, you want to go see the baby? Or are you going to faint like an old lady again?
No no, I'm good this time.
Aang, you have to come see this.
She sounds healthy.
She's beautiful.
It's so... squishy looking.
What should we name her?
I want our daughter's name to be unique.
I want it to mean something.
I've been going through a really hard time lately.
But you've made me... hopeful again.
I know what I want to name our baby now.
Hope
That's a perfect name. Hope.
I thought I was trying to be strong, but really I was just running away from my feelings.
Seeing this family together, so full of happiness and love,
it reminded me of how I feel about Appa...
and how I feel about you.
I promise I'll find Appa as fast as I can.
I just really need to do this.
See ya in the big city.
Say hi to that big fuzzball for me.
You'll find him Aang.
I know.
Thank you Katara.
You ready Momo?
Sokka, It's been really great to see you again.
Whoa, hold on. Why does it sound like you're saying goodbye?
I came along because I wanted to make sure you got through the Serpent's Pass safely.
But now I need to get back to the other Kyoshi warriors.
So you came along to protect me?
Listen, I'm really sorry about last night.
We were talking, and saying things, I just got carried away and before I knew it I...
You talk too much.
Sorry Momo, Appa's gonna have to wait.
=To be Continued=
