Water,
Earth,
Fire,
Air
Long ago, the four nations
lived together in harmony.
Then, everything changed
when the fire nation attacked.
Only the avatar, master of all
four elements, could stop them.
But when the world
needed him most, he vanished.
discovered the new avatar,
an airbender named Aang
And although his
airbending skills are great
He has a lot to learn before
he's ready to save anyone.
But i believe Aang
can save the world.
by om4gus.blogspot.com
Zukko, don't worry. We can take azulla.
I'm not worry about her. I am worry about Aang.
What if he doesn't have a guts to take up my father?
What if he loses?
Aang won't loses. He is gonna come back.
He has to.
What am I holding?
A cherry pip, princess...
Correct. And what day it this?
It is the day of your coronation...
Yes it is. So please, tell me why in the most important day of my life,
you decide to leave a pip in my cherry?
It was't a decision. I was just a small mistake.
Small? Do you realize what could happen if I hadn't sense a pip in time?
I suppose, you could be cough?
Yes. And do you understand the deserveability of your crime?
I understand princess. Please, forgive me.
Oh, very well. Because it is a special day, I will show mercy.
You are banished! Leave this palace immediately!
What do you all looking at? I have two feet you need to be scrubbing
And make sure you did it between the toes.
I don't want had my first day as a Fire Lord my bare foot feet first hiky.
It's weird to say. But the comet actually looks beautiful.
Too bad the Fire Lord would use it to destroyed the world.
We're too late! The fleet army would taking off!
And we would taking off too
Where is the closest of the airship?
It's right.. urgh
Ugh!
You send first princess. Is everything alright?
Actually, everything is not alright.
Do you know how long you could get here?
eeeew, few minutes I guess?
Five to be precise.
And which time who assasin could snuck in, down away with me and bind on his merry away
My apologize princess
Is this how you plan to treat your new Fire Lord? retardiness on disloyalty?
The daili would never betray you!
And I'm sure this is what just you told Long Feng before turned again him and joined me
You are all banished!
But..,
Good Bye!
Please attend the next through on your wayout
Hush!
That's how its done!
Good work Toph. It's time to take control of this ship. Take the wheel
That's a good idea. Let the blind girl steal the giant airship!
I was talking to sukki.
That a big allow more set
What we gonna do to rescue the crew?
Take as close as to the water. I've got an idea
Attention crew. This is your captain speaking.
Everyone please report to the bin bay immediately! For hard days and smith creek!
We have a special birthday to celebrate
Hey, I'm Kwen lee. I work up in communication.
Oh hey. I work down in the enginering.
It's far a long minutes before. Big auction you know?
Yup. so, Do you know whose birthday it is?
I can't believe captain remember my birthday. He really does care!
Happy Birthday!
Fire Lord Ozai, Here we come!
Azulla, we heard what happen. Why had you bannished all of your servant.
Or your daili agent. And the imperial's fire benders
None of them could be trusted. Sooner or later they all would be betrayed me.
Just like Mai and Ty Lee did.
Azulla. We're concern for you and your well being.
My father ask me to come here and talk to me, didn't he?
He just can handled responsibility of being Fire Lord
And I will be the greatest leader in the fire nation history
I'm sure you will. But considering everything does happen today,
perhaps we must be postpone your coronation
What? Which of you who just say that?
What ashame, there's only one way to resolve this. You two must duel each other.
I order you to fight in Agni Kai!
But, we are not fire benders...
Alright, fine. Lou, you banish. Lee, you can stay
But, I'm Lee. So who is banished?
Ba sing sei. The order of the white lord is here.
Here does set you free.
Only ones every hundred year kind of fire bender experienced this kind of power.
Alright hair. It's time to face your doom.
What ashame. You always had such a beautiful hair
What do you do doing here?
I didn't wanna miss my own daughter's coronation
Don't pretend to act proud. I know what you really think of me
'She is some kind of monsters'
I think you confuse. All your life you wear fear to control people.
Like your friends, Mai and Ty Lee.
Who betrays that I have. Trusting was fools.
Fears is the only reliable way. Even you fear me
No, I love you Azulla. I do
Urgh.
We are not gonna catch up to him in time
No
Momo, time for you to go
What just happen?
It's Aang. He is back!
After generations Fire Lord failed to find you,
now the universe delivers you to me as an act of rouvedens
Please listem to me. We don't have to fight.
You have the power to end it here and stop what you are doing
You alright. I do have the power. I have all the power in the world!
Go away. Aviatic slice.
Should we helping him?
The Fire Lord - Aang's fight.
We need to be stayed focus on stoping that fleet from burning down the earth kingdom.
And how did we do that captain boomerang?
I can't see the outside of this heaving of metals.
Airship slice!
Woaw! That's a lot of fire, isn't?
It's gonna a lot of fire. we gonna take the top of this thing fast
Then what?
Watch yours each other back. And when you get that far, I'll let you know.
Sukkiiii!
I'm OK. Just finish the mission.
No
Sokka. I think we got it.
By degree of phoenix King Ozai. I now crown you Fire Lord..
What are you waiting for? Do it!
Sorry. But you will not become Fire Lord today.
I'm
Hahaha. You're hillarious
And you are going down
Wait. You want to be Fire Lord. Fine. Let settle this.
Just you and me, brother. The showdown that always mean to be. Agni Kai!
You are on your own.
What are you doing? she is playing you.
She know she can't take us both. So she trying to separate us
I know. But I can take it this time.
But even you with meditate uncle can't seatle this with Azulla.
There's something over bother her. I can explain about she is sleeping.
And this way no one of us will get hurt
I'm sorry it has to end this way, brother.
No, you're not.
Urgh!
No Lighting today? What's matter? Affraid I will be directed?
Oh, I'll show you lightning!
No!
Zukko!
Hahaha, You're weak. Just like the rest of your people!
They didn't deserve to live in my world! In my world
Prepare you join them! Prepare to Die!
om4gus
