1
Water
Earth
Fire
Air
Long ago, the four nations lived together in harmony
then everything changed when the fire nation attacked
Only the avatar mastered all four elements could stop them
but when the world needed him most he vanished
an airbender named Aang
And although his airbending skill is great,
he has a lot to learn before he is ready to save anyone.
but I believe...
...Aang can save the world
Previously on
Avatar...
You and Sokka have to go with Aang somewhere safe
it's the only way to keep hope alive.
I'm going to join the Avatar,
and I'm going to help him defeat you.
Since you're a full blown traitor now
and you want me gone, why wait?
Because I know my own destiny.
Taking you down is the Avatar's destiny.
I know just the place for us to go where we'll be safe for a while.
The Western Air Temple.
Book Three Fire
Chapter Twelve The Western Air Temple
This is humiliating.
Do you mean getting thoroughly spanked by the Fire Nation,
or having to walk all the way to the Western Air Temple?
Both.
Sorry guys, but Appa gets tired carrying all these people.
I wonder how the rest of the troops are.
They're probably on their way to a prisson.
Seems like my dad just got out,
now he's going back in.
I miss Pipsqueak.
I miss not having blisters on my feet.
Hey! We're here! I can feel it.
Uhh... I think your feet need their eyes checked...
No, she's right. We're here.
Wow! It's amazing!
What a stunning view!
The only view I'm interested in seeing
is the Avatar in chains.
You know the Avatar hasn't been seen
for a hundred years.
The chances of finding him here are very slim.
First we'll check each of the Air Temples.
Then we'll scour the world,
searching even the most remote
locations until we find him.
Prince Zuko,
it's only been a week since your banishment.
You should take some time to heal and rest.
What else would I expect to hear from
the laziest man in the Fire Nation.
The only way to regain my honor is
to find the Avatar...
so I will.
It's so different from the Nothern Air Temple.
I wonder if there are any secret rooms.
Let's go check it out.
You guys go. I think we need to talk
about some things.
I'll race you Duke.
I told you, is The Duke!
Why can't I go?
We need to decide what we're gunna do now,
and since you're the Avatar
maybe you should be a part of this.
Fair enough.
So, what's the new plan?
Well, if you ask me,
the new plan... is the old plan.
You just need to master all four elements and confront the Fire Lord before the commet comes.
Oh, yeah. That's great.
No problem. I'll just do that.
Aang, no one said it's gunna be easy.
Well, it's not even going to be possible.
Where am I supposed to get
a firebending teacher?
We could look for Jeong Jeong.
Yeah, right. Like we'll ever run into Jeong Jeong again.
Who's...
Oh... never mind. If it's important I'll find out.
Oh well, guess we can't come up with anybody.
Why don't we just take a nice tour
around the temple?
What's up with him?
There's got to be someone who can teach him firebending.
Hello,
Zuko here.
But I guess you probably already know me,
sort of... uh.
So, the thing is, I have a lot of
fire-bending experience
and I'm considered to be pretty good at it.
Well you've seem me...
you know, when I was attacking you...
Uh, yeah, I guess I should apologize for that.
B...but anyway... I'm good now.
I mean I thought I was good before
but now I realize I was bad...
But anyway...
I think it's time I joined your
group and taught the Avatar firebending.
Well, what's your answer!
Yeah, that's what I'd say too.
How am I supposed to convince these people I'm on their side!?
What would uncle do?
Zuko, you have to look within yourself to save yourself from your other self.
Only then will your true self reveal itself.
Even when I'm talking for him I can't figure out what he means.
What would Azula do?
Listen Avatar, I can join your group or I
can do something unspeakably horrible
to you and your friends.
Your choice.
I guess I'm not that good at impersonations.
Aang, can we talk about you learning firebending now?
What? The wind is too loud in my ears.
Check out this loop.
Aang, I think we should be making some plans about our future.
Okay. We can do that while I show you
the giant Pai Sho table.
Oh, your gunna love the all-day echo chamber.
I think that'll have to wait.
Hello, Zuko here.
Hey, I heard you guys flying around down there so... I just thought I'd wait for you here.
I know you must be surprised to see me here.
Not really, since you followed us all over the world.
Right... Well, uh, anyway...
What I wanted to tell you...about is that I've changed.
And I, uh, I'm good now.
And, well I think I should join your group.
Oh, and I can teach firebending, to you.
See, I, uh...
You wanna what now?
You can't possibly think that any of us would trust you, can you!?
I mean how stupid do you think we are?
Yeah, all you've ever done is try to hunt
us down and capture Aang.
I've done some good things.
I mean, I could have stolen your bison in Ba Sing Se, but I set him free.
That's something.
Appa does seem to like him.
He probably just covered himself in
honey or something so that Appa would
lick him. I'm not buying it.
I could understand why you wouldn't
trust me, and I know I've made some
mistakes in the past...
Like when you attacked our village.
Or when you stole my mother's necklace and used it to track us down and capture us.
Look, I admit I've done some awful things.
I was wrong to try to capture you, and
I'm sorry that I attacked the Water Tribe.
And I never should have sent that Fire Nation assassin after you.
I'm gunna try to stop...
Wait! You sent Combustion Man after us!
Well, that's not his name, but...
Oh, sorry. I didn't mean to insult your friend.
He's not my friend.
That guy locked me and Katara in jail and tried to blow us all up!
Why aren't you saying anything?
You once said you thought we could be friends.
You know I have good in me.
There's no way we can trust you after everything you've done.
We'll never let you join us.
You need to get out of here, now!
I'm trying to explain that I'm not that person anymore.
Either you leave, or we attack.
If you won't accept me as a friend, then maybe you'll take me as a prisoner.
No, we won't!
Get out of here and don't come back.
And if we ever see you again...
well, we'd better not see you again.
Ugh. I can't believe how stupid I am.
I mean, what was I thinking, telling them
I sent an assassin after them.
Why didn't I just say Azula did that?
They would have believed that. Stupid.
Why would he try to fool us like that?
Obviously he wants to lead us into some kind of trap.
This is just like when we were in prison together in Ba Sing Se.
He starts talking about his mother and making it seem like he's an actual human being with feelings.
He wants you to trust him and feel sorry for him so you let your guard down. Then he strikes.
The thing is, it worked. I did feel sorry for him.
I felt like he was really confused and hurt.
But, obviously when the time came he made his choice, and we paid the price.
We can't trust him.
I kind of have a confession to make. Remember when you two were sick and I got captured by Zhao?
And you made us suck on frozen frogs. How could I forget?
I had a wart on the flap that hangs down from the back of my throat for a month.
Sokka, I looked at it and told you there was nothing there.
I could feel it. It's my throat-hole flap.
Anyway, when Zhao had me chained up it was Zuko who came in and got me out.
He risked his life to save me.
No way. I'm sure he only did it so he
could capture you himself.
Yeah, face it Aang. You're nothing but a big prize to him.
You're probably right.
And what was all that crazy stuff about setting Appa free? What a liar.
Actually, he wasn't lying.
Oh, hurray. In a lifetime of evil at least he didn't add animal cruelty to the list.
I'm just saying... that considering his messed up family and how he was raised, he could have turned out a lot worse.
You're right Toph. Let's go find him and give him a medal.
The not as much of a jerk as you could have been award.
All I know is that while he was talking to us he was sincere.
Maybe you're all just letting your hurt feelings keep you from thinking clearly.
Easy for you to say! You weren't there when he had us attacked by pirates...
Or when he burned down Kyoshi Island...
Or when he tried to capture me
at the fire temple.
Why would you even try to defend him!?
Because, Katara, you're all ignoring one crucial fact.
Aang needs a firebending teacher.
We can't think of a single person in the world to do the job,
now one shows up on a silver platter and you won't even think about it!
I'm not having Zuko as my teacher.
You're darn right you're not buddy.
Well, I guess that's settled.
Urrg! I'm beginning to wonder who's
really the blind one around here.
Who's there? Stay back!
It's me.
You burned my feet!
I'm sorry! It was a mistake!
Get away from me!
Let me help you. I'm sorry.
Get off me! Get off me!
I didn't know it was you. Come back!
Gaww! Why am I so bad at being good!?
Has anyone seen Toph?
I haven't seen her since she stormed off yesterday.
Maybe she's just exploring the air temple.
There are some pretty fun spots to practice earthbending.
I think we should go look for her.
Aah, let her have fun with her rocks.
I'm in no rush to have her yelling at us again.
We can go check for her.
Yeah, I want to ride that tunnel down at the hall of statues again.
It'll work a lot better now that I fixed my breaks.
Toph, what happened?
My feet got burned.
Oh, no! What happened?
I just told you, my feet got burned.
I meant how.
Well, I kind of went to see Zuko last night.
You what!
Zuko!
Aah!
I just thought he could be helpful to us, and,
if I talked to him maybe we could work something out.
So he attacked you.
Well, he did and he didn't.
It was sort of an accident.
But he did firebend at you.
Yes.
See, you trusted Zuko and you got burned. Literally.
It's gunna take a while for your feet to
get better. I wish I could've worked
on them sooner.
Yeah, me too.
Zuko's clearly too dangerous to be left alone. We're gunna have to go after him.
I hate to go looking for a fight, but you're right.
After what he did to Toph, I don't think
we have a choice.
He's crafty but we'll find a way to capture him.
Maybe just invite him back here.
He's already offered himself up as a prisoner once.
Yeah... Get him to come back, and say he'll be our prisoner,
then we'll jump him and really make him our prisoner. He'll never suspect it.
You are a master of surprise Sokka.
Aah, that's the stuff.
Now I know how the rest of you guys feel.
Not being able to see with your feet stinks.
Stop! I don't want you hunting the Avatar anymore.
The mission is off. I'm ordering you to stop.
If you keep attacking, I won't pay you.
Aah. Alright, I'll pay you double to stop.
He's going to blast this whole place right off the cliff side.
I can't step out to waterbend at him without getting blown up.
And I can't get a good enough angle on
him from down here.
I know how to get an angle on him.
Alright buddy, don't fail me now.
Yeah, boomerang!
Aww, boomerang.
I can't believe I'm saying this, but... thanks Zuko.
Hey, what about me? I did the boomerang thing.
Listen. I know I didn't explain myself very well yesterday.
I've been through a lot in the past few years, and it's been hard.
But I'm realizing that I had to go through all those things to learn the truth.
I thought I had lost my honor, and that somehow my father could return it to me.
But I know now that no one can give you your honor.
It's something you earn for yourself by choosing to do what's right.
All I want now is to play my part in
ending this war.
And I know my destiny is to help you restore balance to the world.
I'm sorry for what I did to you. It was an accident.
Fire can be dangerous and wild.
So as a firebender, I need to be more careful and control my bending,
so I don't hurt people unintentionally.
I think you are supposed to be my firebending teacher.
When I first tried to learn firebending, I burned Katara, and after that I never wanted to firebend again.
But now I know you understand how easy it is to hurt the people you love.
I'd like you to teach me.
Thank you. I'm so happy you've accepted me into your group.
Not so fast. I still have to ask my friends
if it's okay with them.
Toph, you're the one that Zuko burned. What do you think?
Go ahead and let him join. It'll give me plenty of time to get back at him for burning my feet.
Sokka?
Hey, all I want is to defeat the Fire Lord.
If you think this is the way to do it, then I'm all for it.
Katara?
I'll go along with whatever you think is right.
I won't let you down, I promise.
So, here you go. Home sweet home.
I guess, you know, for now.
Unpack. Lunch, soon.
Uhh. Welcome aboard.
Yeah.
Okay. This is really, really weird.
If I have to, I will spend every day of the rest of my life hunting the Avatar.
I know it's my destiny to capture him.
You know, prince Zuko, destiny is a funny thing.
You never know how things are going to work out.
But if you keep an open mind and an open heart
I promise you will find your own destiny someday.
You might have everyone else here
buying your "transformation",
but you and I both know you've struggled with doing the right thing in the past.
So let me tell you something right now.
You make one step backward, one slip up,
give me one reason to think you might hurt Aang...
and you won't have to worry about your destiny anymore.
Because I will make sure your destiny ends, right then and there. Permanently.
Transcript by kenb215
Subtitle by Osimon
