Water
Earth
Fire
Air
Long ago,the four nations lived together in harmony
then everything changed when the firenation attacked
Only the avatar mastered all four elements could stop them
but when the world needed him most he vanished
airbinder named Aang
And although his airbinding skill is great,
he has a lot to learn before he is ready to save anyone.
but I believe...
... Aang can save the world
=AVATAR=-
The last airbender
Sub Tucity
Previously on
Avatar...
There's a man living at the Eastern Air Temple.
He says he can teach me to control the Avatar State.
What's happening?
You're going through a metamorphosis, my nephew.
the Dai Li remains loyal to you, Long Feng, sir.
Hello?
It is with the highest honor that I welcome the Kyoshi warriors.
We are the Earth King's humble servants.
Book two Earth
Chapter nineteen The Guru
What's that smell?
It's jook.
I'm sure you wouldn't like it.
Actually, it smells delicious.
I'd love a bowl, Uncle.
Now that your fever is gone, you seem different somehow.
It's a new day.
We've got a new apartment,
new furniture, and today's the grand opening of your new tea shop.
Things are looking up,  Uncle.
You haven't seen your Dad in over two years. You must be so excited.
I know I should be, but I just feel sick to my stomach.
Don't be nervous, he's going to be so happy to see you.
So what about you?
Are you nervous to meet this Guru?
Not at all. I'm ready to master the Avatar State.
I'll do whatever it takes.
See you in a week. Yip Yip!
Sokka, good to see you.
Sokka!?
Hi Dad!
Look Bosco, the Kyoshi Warriors are here to protect us.
Aren't you excited?
It's been a difficult week for me.
My most trusted advisor, Long Feng,
and his Dai Li agents tried to take control of Ba Sing Se from me.
It's terrible when you can't trust the people who are closest to you.
But there is good news.
As we speak,
the Council of Five is meeting to plan an invasion of The Fire Nation this summer.
On the day of a solar eclipse.
Really?
Now that sounds like a fascinating and brilliant plan.
General Fong's base will serve as the launching point of the attack.
In exactly two months, the Army and Navy will invade the Fire Nation...
on The Day of Black Sun.
Or we could send in Momo to do some damage. Cause the..
Sorry.
All we need is the Earth King's seal in order to execute the plan.
I'll get these scrolls to him right away. Thank you, General How.
Hello?
You're Guru Pathik, right?
The person who attached the note to Appa's horn?
Indeed. I was a spiritual brother of your people, and a personal friend of Monk Gyatso.
In your note, you said you could teach me to gain control of the Avatar State.
How?
You must gain balance within yourself before you can bring balance to the world.
And the first step to gaining balance begins with this.
Drink up!
It tastes like onion and banana juice!
That's because it is.
I believe we need to go right!
What are you talking about?
The Bei Fong Estate's this way.
I'm quite certain you're mistaken.
Can you two old ladies quit your bickering for a second?
I gotta go to the bathroom!
Okay, but make it quick.
What's wrong with you!
Oh very sneaky Toph! Nice try, but you can't trick me.
Let me out of here, so I can kick both your butts!
Quit your banging. You might think you're the greatest earthbender in the world,
but even you can't bend metal.
We have been presented with an extraordinary opportunity, girls.
Mai finally gets to wear makeup that's not totally depressing?
I'm talking about conquering the whole Earth Kingdom.
For a hundred years the fire nation has hammered away at Ba Sing Se from the outside.
But now we are on the inside, and we can take it by ourselves.
Gosh, you're so confident. I really admire that about you.
From the inside we're in the perfect position to organize a coup and overthrow the Earth King.
The key is the Dai Li.
Whoever controls the Dai Li, controls Ba Sing Se.
In order to master the Avatar State, you must open all of the chakras.
Aang, tell me everything you know about chakras.
What are chakras?
Oh, I see. I guess we'll start with the basics.
The water flows through this creek much like the energy flows through your body.
As you see there are several pools where the water swirls around before flowing on.
These pools are like our charkas.
So chakras are pools of spiraling energy in our bodies?
Exactly!
If nothing else were around, this creek would flow pure and clear.
However, life is messy, and things tend to fall in the creek,
and then what happens?
The creek can't flow?
Yes.
But if we open the paths between the pools.
The energy flows!
There are seven chakras that go up the body.
Each pool of energy has a purpose,
and can be blocked by a specific kind of emotional muck.
Be warned...
opening the chakras is an intense experience,
and once you begin the process, you cannot stop until all seven are open.
Are you ready?
I'll do whatever it takes.
First we will open the Earth chakra,
located at the base of the spine. It deals with survival ...
and is blocked by fear.
What are you most afraid of?
Let your fears become clear to you.
Aang,
your vision is not real.
You are concerned for your survival, but you must surrender those fears.
Let your fears flow down the creek.
You have opened your Earth chakra.
Next is the...
Water chakra?
Brilliant! Maybe one day you will be a Guru too.
This chakra deals with pleasure, and is blocked by guilt.
Now, look at all the guilt which burdens you so.
What do you blame yourself for?
I ran away.
I hurt all of those people.
Accept the reality that these things happened,
but do not let them cloud and poison your energy.
If you are to be a positive influence on the world, you need to forgive yourself.
This bay leads directly to the outskirts of Ba Sing Se.
We've been using these tangle mines to stop the fire nation ships from getting through.
You're father invented tangle mines himself.
Destructive, buoyant, and ...
... terrible smelling.
Very perceptive. The mines are filled with skunk-fish and seaweed.
When a ship detonates the mine, the seaweed tangles up the propeller,
and the foul smell forces people to abandon the ship.
I call it the stink' n' sink.
Good one Dad!
You are definitely your father's son.
Hakoda, our scouts have spotted four fire nation ships.
Bato, get these mines loaded up.
The rest of you men, prepare for battle!
What should I do, Dad?
Aren't you listening? I said the rest of you men get ready for battle.
Who thought when we came to this city as refugees,
that I'd end up owning my own tea shop.
Follow your passion Zuko, and life will reward you.
Congratulations Uncle.
I'm very thankful.
You deserve it. The Jasmine Dragon will be the best tea shop in the city.
No, I'm thankful because you decided to share this special day with me.
It means more than you know.
Now let's make these people some tea.
Yes! Let's make some tea!
Third is the Fire chakra, located in the stomach.
My Fire chakra would like to eat something other than onion-banana juice.
Good one. Moving on.
This chakra deals with will power and is blocked by shame.
What are you ashamed of?
What are your biggest disappointments in yourself?
I'm never going to fire bend again.
I can't.
You will never find balance if you deny this part of your life.
You are the Avatar, and therefore, you are a firebender.
That chakra opened less like a flowing creek, and more like a burping bison.
Tastes like onion and bananas, but strangely something else.
Pickles?
I'm tired of wearing this girly disguise.
I don't know how anyone can fight in this.
Maybe that's why it was so easy to beat the Kyoshi Warriors and take their clothes.
How much longer do we have to serve the Earth King?
If I have to clean up one more pile of bear poop, I'm gonna throw up.
Princess Azula promised we would go back to the fire nation as soon as we captured the Avatar.
We just have to be patient.
Shush up!
Do you want the whole palace to know we're Fire Nation?
Sorry.
Good work girls.  I am sure the Dai Li will deliver the message.
The fourth chakra is located in the heart.
It deals with love, and is blocked by grief.
Lay all your grief out in front of you.
You have indeed felt a great loss.
But love is a form of energy,
and it swirls all around us.
The Air Nomads love for you has not left this world.
It is still inside of your heart, and is reborn in the form of new love.
Let the pain flow away.
Very good.
Can I have some onion banana juice please?
The fifth in the chain is the Sound chakra, located in the throat.
It deals with truth, and is blocked by lies.
The ones we tell ourselves.
Why didn't you tell us you were the Avatar?
Because I never wanted to be.
You cannot lie about your own nature.
You must accept that you are the Avatar.
Very good Aang. You have opened the chakra of Truth.
The sixth pool of energy is the Light chakra, located in the center of the forehead.
It deals with insight and is blocked by illusion.
The greatest illusion of this world is the illusion of separation.
Things you think are separate and different are actually one and the same.
Like the four nations.
Yes
We are all one people, but we live as if divided.
We're all connected. Everything is connected.
That's right. Even the separation of the four elements is an illusion.
If you open your mind, you will see that all the elements are one.
Four parts of the same whole. Even metal is just a part of Earth, that has been purified and refined.
Come on metal.... budge.
Toph, you rule!
What do you say Momo? A cup of tea before we get back to the king?
Table for two please.
Uncle, I need 2 jasmine, one green and one lychee!
I'm brewing as fast as I can!
This is the last chakra isn't it?
Yes. Once you open this chakra, you will be able go in and out of the Avatar State at will.
And when you are in the Avatar State,
you will have complete control and awareness of all your actions.
Let's do this.
The Thought chakra is located at the crown of the head.
It deals with pure cosmic energy ...
and is blocked by earthly attachment.
Meditate on what attaches you to this world.
Now, let all of those attachments go.
Let them flow down the river.
Forgotten.
What? Why would I let go of Katara? I...I..I love her.
Learn to let her go, or you cannot let the pure cosmic energy flow in from the universe.
Why would I choose cosmic energy over Katara?
How could it be a bad thing that I feel an attachment to her?
Three chakras ago, that was a good thing.
You must learn to let go.
Thank goodness you are here Suki. Something terrible is going on.
The Fire Nation has infiltrated the city. I just saw Prince Zuko and his Uncle!
We have to tell the Earth King right away!
Oh, don't worry. I'll be sure to let him know.
So, Zu Zu's in the city too. I think it's time for a family reunion.
I'm sorry, but I can't let go of Katara.
Aang, to master the Avatar State, you must open all the chakras.
Surrender yourself.
Okay, I'll try.
Now, think of your attachments...
and let them go.
Let the pure cosmic energy flow.
Let me go!
Katara is in danger! I have to go.
No Aang.
By choosing attachment, you have locked the chakra!
If you leave now you won't be able to go into the Avatar State at all!
It's another one of her tricks!
There's a giant whole in the box. How's that a trick?
It's not!
It's the real deal!
I am the greatest earthbender in the world! Don't you two dunderheads ever forget it!
I'm going to be stuck in here forever with you, aren't I?
I have to go to the bathroom.
Ready to go knock some Fire Nation heads?
You don't know how much this means to me dad.
I'll make you proud, and I'll finally prove to you what a great warrior I am.
Sokka, you don't have to prove anything to me. I'm already proud of you,
and I've always known you were a great warrior.
Really?
Why do you think I trusted you to look after our tribe when I left?
This can't be good news.
What is this about? Your agents show up in the middle of the night and drag me down here?
You will not treat a Kyoshi Warrior this way!
But you are not a Kyoshi Warrior, are you?
Princess Azula of the Fire Nation!
What do you want?
I want to make a deal. It's time that I regain control of Ba Sing Se.
And you have something I need.
The Earth King's trust.
Why should I help you?
Because I can get you the Avatar.
I'm listening.
A message from the royal palace.
I...I can't believe it.
What is it Uncle?
Great news!
We've been invited to serve tea to the Earth King!
=To be Continued=-
Sub Tucity
