Ikki	Oooo ... Pretty.
Raiko	 General Iroh, are your ships in position?
Iroh	Yes, Mr. President. But I need to know what kind of enemy we're dealing with.
Unavaatu	It's time to take back the physical world.
Iroh	Fire!
Meelo	Monster attack!
Tenzin	They're over here.  Please, wake up. 
Kya	They're gonna be all right. But I need to get them into some spirit water. Right away.
Tenzin	Thank goodness you're all okay.
Korra	 Did you find Jinora?
Tenzin	 I was able to rescue her soul, but she wasn't ready to return to her body yet.  She sensed that the world was in grave danger.
Korra	 She was right. 
Tenzin	Were you able to stop Unalaq and Vaatu?
Korra	No. They fused, then Vaatu ripped Raava right out of me and destroyed her. Vaatu won.
Bolin	 No. I am too young to live through ten thousand years of darkness. Korra, can't you talk to one of your past lives or something?
Korra	When Vaatu destroyed Raava, he destroyed my connection to the past Avatars too.
Tenzin	If that's true, then-
Korra	The cycle is over. I'm the last Avatar.  I'm so sorry, Tenzin. 
Kya	She needs you now, more than ever.
Raiko	 It's going to destroy the entire city.
Lin	We're going down!
Varrick	"Zhu Li, commence ""Operation Winged Freedom"". [Zhu Li ties a backpack to herself before latching onto Varrick's back. She tightens the clasp around Varrick's waist before the duo leaps off the cell.] Do the thing! [The backpack opens up into wings, and the duo soars off into the skies.]"
Tenzin	The other Avatars may not be able to help you anymore, but, perhaps I can.
Korra	 No one can help me now.
Tenzin	 I know I haven't been the best mentor to you. But I realized it was because I had a lot of spiritual growth to do myself. There may still be a way for you to stop Vaatu.
Korra	How?
Tenzin	 Let go of your attachment to who you think you are, and connect with your inner spirit.
Korra	Haven't you heard anything I said? Raava is gone. I'm not connected to her spirit anymore.
Tenzin	I'm not talking about Raava. Raava is not who you are.  Come with me, I need to show you something.
Korra	Why are you showing me Vaatu's prison?
Tenzin	Because this tree had a history long before it held Vaatu. This is the Tree of Time. And the legends say its roots bind the spirit and physical worlds together.
Korra	And, you think this tree can help me somehow?
Tenzin	Yes. I have read that long ago, the ancients would meditate beneath this tree and connect with the great cosmic energy of the universe.
Korra	These are my memories.
Tenzin	The Tree of Time remembers all. Korra, the most powerful thing about you is not the spirit of Raava, but your own inner spirit. You have always been strong, unyielding, fearless. 
Korra	Avatar Wan.
Tenzin	Before he fused with Raava, Wan was just a regular person.
Korra	But, he was brave, and ... smart, and always wanted to defend the helpless.
Tenzin	 That's right. He became a legend because of who he was, not what he was. He wasn't defined by Raava anymore than you are. 
Korra	 Everyone in Republic City is in danger.
Tenzin	You have to help them, Korra.
Korra	How? We're half-way around the world.
Tenzin	 Do as the ancients once did. Connect to the cosmic energy of the universe. Don't bend the elements, but the energy within yourself.
Korra	You really think I can do this?
Tenzin	I have no doubt.
Korra	 Thank you for not giving up on me.
Tenzin	I'm proud of you.
Wan	If you and Vaatu have the same fight every ten thousand years, why hasn't one of you destroyed the other?
Raava	He cannot destroy light, anymore than I can destroy darkness. One cannot exist without the other.
Unavaatu	Find the light in the dark.
Bumi	Uhhh ... what did you say to her exactly?
Ikki	Korra's back!
Meelo	And she's a blue giant!
Unavaatu	You're looking for something that is gone.  Raava has been destroyed. And soon you will be too!
Mako	They're coming for Korra!
Eska	Leave my Bolin alone!
Desna	I am so done with spirits.
Bolin	 Eska! I love you!  Let's face the end of the world together!
Eska	You're so romantic.
Unavaatu	With you out of the way, I will be the one true Avatar.
Ikki	Mommy, it's Jinora. She's ... beautiful.
Pema	What? Let me see.  Be careful sweetie!
Unavaatu	No!
Korra	Raava!
Unavaatu	No!
Korra	Go in peace.
Raava	Harmonic Convergence is nearly over. We must return to the Spirit World so we can fuse once again.
Jinora	I'll see you soon, Dad.
Jinora	Gran-Gran, I missed you.
Asami	What about Korra and the others?
Jinora	Don't worry, they're all right. Korra saved the world.
Tenzin	The Avatar Spirit has returned.
Korra	It's over.
Mako	I don't even know what to say.
Tenzin	You were amazing.
Bolin	 And the way you turned all gigantic like that, wow! I just wished Varrick was here to film it! It would be the greatest mover ever. After the Nuktuk chronicles of course.
Korra	 I'm sorry about your father. But he was already fused with Vaatu. I couldn't save him.
Eska	It seems cousin Korra is under the impression we're saddened by our father's demise.
Desna	But I will not miss him at all. In the end, he became a deplorable man.
Eska	Agreed. But how will we explain this to mother?
Bolin	So, I was thinking. I'm not really a fan of a long-distance relationship thing,  so how about you move to Republic City with me.
Eska	I do not think it will be possible.
Bolin	 Okay. Desna can come too.
Eska	I will not be joining you, Bolin. Desna and I must return home.
Bolin	But you said-
Eska	Eternal darkness was upon us. I became caught up in the moment.
Bolin	 Yeah. I guess I did too.
Eska	 But, you will always hold the special place in the organ that pumps my blood. I will remember you fondly.  My turtle duck.
Bumi	Bum-Ju, you're okay.  I missed you, little buddy.
Tenzin	Now that you're bonded with Raava once again, are you also reconnected with your past lives?
Korra	 No. I think that link is gone, forever.
Tenzin	I see. Why don't you close the portals, and we'll go home.
Korra	Maybe I shouldn't.
Tenzin	What do you mean?
Korra	 What if Unalaq was right when he said the Avatar shouldn't be a bridge between the two worlds?  What if Avatar Wan made a mistake when he closed the portals?  What if humans and spirits weren't meant to live apart?  Well, what do you think I should do?
Tenzin	 I think you should trust your instincts. There is nothing else I can teach you. You are the Avatar. Whatever your decision, I support you.
Mako	 Hey, can we talk?
Korra	Of course.
Mako	There's something I've been wanting to tell you about that fight we had. I know I said it wasn't that bad, but, that's not exactly true. I, um ... I-I broke up with you.
Korra	I remember.
Mako	But, I thought you said you lost part of your memory.
Korra	I did, but being inside the Tree of Time brought it back. I'm sorry for blowing up at you.
Mako	That's okay.  I think we've both said things that we regret.
Korra	Why didn't you just tell me the truth in the first place?
Mako	I know I should have, but ... I didn't wanna hurt you all over again. I guess part of me wanted to forget about the break-up too.
Korra	I think we both know that this. Us? Doesn't work.
Mako	You're right.
Korra	It's over.  For real this time. 
Mako	I'll always love you, Korra.
Korra	And I'll always love you. 
Bolin	 You want a hug?
Korra	The war of the Water Tribes is over. Unalaq has been defeated, and the Northern fleet is returning home. The Water Tribes will always be allies, but the Southern Tribe is now independent,  and the Southern Council of Elders has appointed my father, Tonraq, to be your new chief!  I've realized that even though we should learn from those who came before us, we must also forge our own path. So that is why I've decided to keep the portals open. Humans can now physically enter the Spirit World, and spirits will be free to roam our world. I will no longer be the bridge. Humans and spirits must learn to live together. My mission will always be to use Raava's light spirit to guide the world toward peace and balance. Harmonic Convergence has caused a shift in the planet's energy. I can feel it. Things will never be the same again. We're entering a New Age.
