Shiro Shinobi	 The Avatar has been abducted! After Tarrlok arrested her friends, Korra confronted the councilman in his chambers. But the heated argument quickly turned into an all-out bending battle! Desperate to save himself, Tarrlok revealed his ability to bloodbend and took Korra far from Republic City. Will the Avatar's friends find her before it's too late?
Korra	 What are you doing?  Tarrlok!  You can't keep me in here forever!
Meelo	 Who is this? It's six in the morning! This better be important!
Tenzin	 Councilman Tenzin here.  What?!
Tenzin	What happened?  What was Korra doing at City Hall?
Tarrlok	As I told Chief Saikhan,  Korra came to my office late last night. She was upset that I arrested her friends. She asked me to release them and ... that's when the Equalists attacked.  I tried to protect Korra, but we were outnumbered.  Then, I was electrocuted.  When I came to, the police had arrived. But Korra was gone.  I'm so sorry.  Chief Saikhan, mobilize the entire police force. We have to find the Avatar.
Radio	 We interrupt your regularly scheduled broadcast to bring you this special report. Late last night, Equalists attacked City Hall,  subduing Councilman Tarrlok and capturing Avatar Korra. Details are still coming in, b-
Lin	Hope you got enough beauty rest. Come on, I'm busting you out.
Asami	 Thanks. I owe you.
Mako	Are you done yet?
Bolin	Cover your ears! I can't go with you listening.
Mako	Asami! 
Bolin	Ahh!  A little privacy, please!
Mako	 Are you all right?
Asami	I'm fine! It's so good to see you.
Lin	Hate to break up your lovers' reunion, but Korra's in trouble. Amon captured her.
Mako	 No. No, she can't be gone!
Lin	Come on, we have an Avatar to rescue.
Lin	 Your fly was down.
Bolin	 Thanks for catching that.
Korra	 Somebody! Help! Please!  Please. 
Tenzin	I urge you to meditate on these visions. I believe Aang's spirit is trying to tell you something.
Toph	 What are you doing here, Aang?  I told you, I have this under control.
Aang	 Under normal circumstances, I wouldn't get involved, but if what those victims said is true, we're not dealing with a normal criminal.
Toph	 Fine. Follow me, Twinkle Toes.
Aang	 Toph, I'm forty years old. You think you could stop with the nicknames?
Toph	 'Fraid not. 
Toph	 It's over! You're under arrest, Yakone!
Yakone	 What is Republic City coming to? Used to be, a man could enjoy his lunch in peace.  What's the big idea?
Aang	We have dozens of witnesses, Yakone. We know what you are.
Toph	 Take him away.
Yakone	 I've beaten every trumped-up charge you yahoos have brought against me!  And I'll beat this one, too.
Korra	 Whoa.  I finally connected with you, Aang.  But, what are you trying to tell me?  A way out of this box would be nice. 
Tenzin	 I have to go. Call me back the minute you hear anything.  Lin? Wh-wh-what are y- What are y- You should be in the hospital! And you three!  You should be in prison!
Lin	I figured you could use our help finding Korra.
Mako	 Do you have any leads?
Tenzin	I've been on the phone all morning, but nothing yet.
Mako	 We need Naga! She can track Korra.
Tenzin	I'm afraid her polar bear dog is missing as well.
Bolin	Then where do we start?
Lin	My guess is the Equalists are hiding underground in the maze of tunnels beneath the city.
Asami	 Underground ... just like my father's secret factory. Figures.
Bolin	 Yeah! Yeah, that makes sense! When those chi blockers had me in their truck, it sounded like we drove into a tunnel!
Mako	I know where to start looking! Come on! 
Lin	 Wherever Amon is keeping Korra, I bet that's where my officers are too.
Tenzin	Let's bring them all home, Lin.
Mako	 The truck with Bolin took off down this alley. 
Asami	Which way?
Bolin	Hmm. This way kinda ...  smells familiar.
Lin	There's a tunnel nearby. 
Mako	 There!
Lin	 Motorcycle tracks.
Mako	Korra has to be in there ... somewhere.
Mako	Let's try this way.
Asami	And what if Korra's not down there?
Mako	 Then we pick another tunnel until we find her! 
Asami	Hey, is Mako all right? He seems really worried about Korra.
Bolin	 Yeah, we all are!
Asami	I know, but, he's your brother. Do you think that he likes Korra as more than just a friend?
Bolin	 W-What? No! That's, just gossip, where'd you hear that?  Crazy talk is coming out of your mouth right now. Heh ...
Asami	 What do you know, Bolin? Come on, spill it.
Bolin	Nothing! I mean, there was this one time during the tournament when Mako and Korra kissed, but-
Asami	 They ... kissed? 
Bolin	Believe me, I was upset too, but, I'm over it. I don't think it meant anything.
Asami	 I doubt that. 
Lin	Hide!
Equalist traffic director	That tram goes to the training camp. 
Female Equalist	Everything was delivered to the prison, sir. 
Tenzin	 That's where they must be keeping Korra.
Lin	We need to get down that tunnel.
Equalist	It's empty!
Equalist	 Yeah, I can see that.
Lin	 You two, keep an eye on them.
Lin	My officers are inside.
Mako	 What about Korra?
Lin	I don't see her yet.
Mako	 Avatar Korra. Where are you keeping her?
Officer	 Chief Beifong?
Lin	I'm too late. That monster already took your bending, didn't he?
Lin	 I'm so sorry.  Come on, let's gets you out of here.
Mako	 I'll ask you one more time;  where is she?
Equalist	 We don't have the Avatar, and the Equalists didn't attack City Hall. Tarrlok's lying.
Mako	 What?
Lin	I scanned the entire prison. Korra's not here.
Mako	 Why would Tarrlok make up a story about getting attacked?
Tenzin	Because he has Korra. He fooled us all!
Bolin	Let's go, people!
Bolin	 Try to chi block that, fools!
Lin	We've got more company!  Hang on!
Prosecution attorney	Yakone has ruled Republic City's criminal empire for years. Yet he has always managed to stay out of the law's reach, until now. You will hear testimony, from dozens of his victims, and they will tell you, Yakone has maintained his grip on the underworld by using an ability that has been illegal for decades.  Bloodbending. 
Defense attorney	The prosecution's entire case is built upon the make-believe notion that my client is able to bloodbend at will, at any time on any day. I remind the council that bloodbending is an incredibly rare skill and it can only be performed during a full moon.  Yet, the witnesses will claim that my client used bloodbending at every other time except during a full moon. It would be a mockery of justice to convict a man of a crime that is impossible to commit.
Bailiff	Councilman Sokka will now deliver the verdict.
Sokka	In my years, I have encountered people born with rare and unique bending abilities. Why, I once bested a man with my trusty boomerang who was able to firebend with his mind.  Why, even metalbending was considered impossible for all of history until our esteemed Chief of Police,  Toph Beifong, singlehandedly developed the skill. The overwhelming amount of testimony and evidence has convinced this council that Yakone is one of these unique benders and he exploited his ability to commit these heinous crimes. We find Yakone guilty of all charges and sentence him to life in prison.
Tenzin	Thank you all for meeting us on such short notice.
Lin	 Chief.
Saikhan	 Lin.
Tarrlok	 Have you news of Avatar Korra?
Tenzin	We do.  You kidnapped her, Tarrlok!
Tarrlok	 I am shocked you would accuse me of such an evil act! I already explained: Equalists attacked us and took her!
Tenzin	But there were no chi blockers here last night.  You planted the evidence, didn't you?
Tarrlok	 That is a ridiculous accusation!
Council page	 It's true! He took her! I was here when Avatar Korra arrived last night, but Councilman Tarrlok ordered me to leave. I was on my way out when I saw Tarrlok bring her down to the garage.
Tarrlok	Say goodbye to Republic City, Avatar Korra. You'll never see it again.
Tarrlok	 That is nonsense!  Everyone knows you're nothing but a squeaky-voiced liar!
Lin	 Why did you wait until now to 'fess up?
Council page	 I was terrified to tell because ...  Because Tarrlok is a bloodbender!  He bloodbent Avatar Korra!
Tenzin	 Don't make this worse for yourself.  Tell us where you have Korra.
Lin	Wake up!
Bolin	 Ughh! Man! I had this awful dream that Korra was taken by this evil bloodbender.  So weird.
Asami	Bolin, that really happened. He knocked us out.
Bolin	 Are you serious?  Where is he? Is he here right now?
Saikhan	Tarrlok is long gone. I'll alert the whole force. 
Lin	We've only been out for a little while. Maybe we can still pick up Tarrlok's trail.
Tenzin	It could lead us to Korra! Let's go. 
Aang	 Yakone.  You won't get away with this!
Yakone	 Republic City's mine, Avatar. I'll be back one day to claim it.
Yakone	This time I'm gonna put you to sleep for good!
Aang	I'm taking away your bending, for good.  It's over.
Korra	 Aang ... this whole time ... you were trying to warn me about Tarrlok. 
Tarrlok	 My life is a disaster now, thanks to you.
Korra	So your little bloodbending secret's out?  And I know how you bloodbent me without a full moon.  You're Yakone's son.
Tarrlok	 I was his son, but in order to win Republic City, I had to become someone else. My father failed because he tried to rule the city from its rotten underbelly. My plan was perfect. I was to be the city's savior. But you, you ruined everything!
Korra	Tarrlok, the jig is up and you have nowhere to go.
Tarrlok	Oh no. No, I'll escape and start a new life. And you're coming as my hostage.
Korra	 You'll never get away with this!
Tarrlok	 Amon!
Amon	It is time for you to be equalized. 
Tarrlok	You fool! You've never faced bending like mine.
Tarrlok	 What? What are you?
Amon	I am the solution.
Amon	I'll take care of him. You four retrieve the Avatar. Do not underestimate her. Electrocute the box to knock her out before you open it. 
Lieutenant	My pleasure.
Lieutenant	 It's payback time. 
Lieutenant	 Open the box.  Tie her up.
Amon	 I thought I told you not to underestimate her.
Korra	Naga. You came looking for me.  Good girl.
Mako	That sounds like Naga!  Down there!
Tenzin	Korra! Oh, thank goodness.
Lin	Where's Tarrlok? How did you get away?
Mako	 Give her some space!  I was so worried. Are you all right?
Korra	I'm fine. I'm glad you're here. 
Mako	 You're safe now.
