Jinora	Light on your feet, Uncle Bumi. Remember, you want to be quick and evasive.
Bumi	 Don't worry about me, little lady. I've been in a scrap or two you know. Ha ha.  Oh, you're just a youngster, so I'm gonna go easy on ya.  Wouldn't want to hurt a kid ...
Bumi	 Oh.
Jinora	Uncle Bumi, you've got to work on your stance changes.  Kai, that was just, really good.
Kai	 Thanks Jinora, you're a great teacher.
Bumi	 Hmm, did I drop my wallet?
Bumi	 Give me that, you little thief!
Korra	 It's so exciting to be on a diplomatic mission to Ba Sing Se. What's the Earth Queen like?
Tenzin	I've never met her, but I've heard she can be quite ... demanding.
Bolin	 This is it, Mako! We made it! This is where Dad grew up! Come here! Look, look!
Mako	 Okay, calm down, I'm looking.
Korra	I wonder how many airbenders are down there.
Korra	Uhh, the Lower Ring looks terrible.
Bolin	 Yeah, I can smell it from here. No wonder Dad left.
Bolin	 Hello, Middle Ring!
Kai	Wow. Now this is more like it.
Gun	 Avatar Korra, Master Tenzin, it is a pleasure to welcome you and your party to the Upper Ring of Ba Sing Se. I'm Grand Secretariat Gun.
Korra	 Thank you.
Bolin	Aah, it's got that Upper Ring smell.
Gun	 Oh no, the queen hates animals.  You'll have to get them out of sight.
Bolin	 Well, I can just stash Pabu in my shirt,  these two are going to be a little tougher.
Gun	 Come with me, hurry, I'll take you to your quarters.
Gun	Now, when you meet the queen make sure you bow low enough, that's very important, and don't look her in the eye, she can't stand that. If any food is served, don't eat before she eats. Well actually, I have to taste her food first, then she eats, then you can eat. Better yet, just don't eat.
Korra	Seems like an awful lot of rules.
Gun	 Oh, you have no idea. And I'm the one who gets in trouble when people don't follow them, so please, please for my sake try not to upset Her Majesty.
Gun	 Here we are.
Bolin	 Ooh, very swanky.
Gun	Now, go in and make yourselves comfortable,  and keep those animals out of sight in the backyard.
Gun	Avatar Korra, if you'll follow me. We don't want to keep Her Majesty waiting.
Gun	Your Majesty, may I present Avatar Korra.
Hou-Ting	 You're ruining the koi pond! It's completely overshadowed by the topiaries! Guards, take that buffoon away and get me someone who knows what they're doing!
Hou-Ting	 You, rip everything out and start over!
Hou-Ting	I am surrounded by idiots.  So, I finally get a visit from the Avatar. Let me guess, you want something.
Korra	Well, actually Your Majesty, I was hoping you could ...
Hou-Ting	 I hardly think you're in a position to ask me for favors after everything the last Avatar did to the Earth Kingdom.  He and Fire Lord Zuko took advantage of my father's weakness and stole our lands to make their own little empire.  The United Republic is Earth Kingdom territory!
Korra	 Well, I uh, I'm not sure what I can do about that.
Hou-Ting	Not that you care, but what's left of my kingdom is falling to ruin. Roving bands of barbarians are raiding villages in the countryside. And now, some of my subjects are refusing to pay their taxes. 
Korra	I'm very sorry for your troubles, but actually ...
Hou-Ting	 That topiary is supposed to be an eel swan  not a turtle duck!
Jinora	Hey, has anyone seen Kai?
Tenzin	 Kai?
Bolin	 Kai, little bro.
Bumi	 He's not over here.
Asami	I don't think I've seen him since we landed.
Mako	I knew that kid was no good. He was just waiting for an opportunity to run away again.
Jinora	We have to find him.
Mako	What's the point? He obviously doesn't care about us.
Bolin	But he's my new little brother. He's probably lost, and scared.
Tenzin	He is just a little boy, and he's our responsibility. Besides, he's the only airbender we've recruited so far, we can't lose him.
Mako	Fine. Bolin and I will find him.
Hou-Ting	No, to your left! Your other left!  Do you have these problems with your servants?
Korra	I don't really have servants. But, Your Majesty, the reason for our visit is that we're trying to gather all of the new airbenders who are popping up in the Earth Kingdom, and we'd like your help finding the ones in Ba Sing Se.
Hou-Ting	 Airbenders in Ba Sing Se. Where did you hear that?
Korra	Before we left Republic City we got some reports.
Hou-Ting	Hmm. Well, before I even consider helping you, I'll need you to do something for me.
Korra	Oh, of course. What is it?
Hou-Ting	I have a vault full of tax money sitting in a town south of here. Barbarians have stolen my past two shipments. Go collect my money and bring it back here.
Korra	 Yes, Your Majesty.
Bolin	Kai, did you go fishing? You under the bridge?
Kai	Here, sir, let me help you.
Kai	Yeah, that was really weird.
Mako	Kai! [Kai grins widely and slides out of view.] Get back here! [Mako starts chasing after Kai.]
Bolin	Kai, it's us. Mako and Bolin, your new family. 
Bolin	Excuse me, coming through  Pardon me.  Carry on. 
Mako	What are you doing running around robbing people?
Kai	I was just practicing my airbending. 
Mako	Yeah right. Let's go.  You're in big trouble.
Mako	Hey! 
Mako	 Your little brother, huh?
Bolin	Yeah ... just a lovable little scamp, isn't he?
Mako	 Reminds me of my little brother.
Mako	All right. Let's see if we can catch a train back to the Upper Ring.
Bolin	We can pay, hold on. [Both Bolin and Mako check their pockets to find that Kai has robbed them as well.] Where's my money? [Bolin and Mako widen their eyes in realization and stare at each other in disbelief.] No, Kai wouldn't-- [Bolin's eyes widen. Mako stares at him.] Aww, man. [Bolin pulls an exaggerated expression of dismay.]
Bolin	[Voice-over.] The bad news [Camera slowly pans down to reveal the back of the brothers' heads.] is we're stuck here. The good news is [Bolin puts his hand on Mako's shoulder and grins.] we can go the bathroom wherever we want.
Asami	Are you sure we shouldn't have brought more people to collect the tax money?
Korra	There are royal guards waiting at the vault.  I doubt anything will happen. I think Her Majesty likes ordering me around.
Bolin	Ohh man, aww I slipped a disc sleeping here. It's been awhile since we spent the night in a trash pile. It's about how I remembered.
Mako	I bet everyone's freaking out that we've been gone all night. 
Bolin	I'm worried about Kai; he's just a little kid out there on his own. He's probably really scared.
Waiter	Your breakfast, Master Fong.
Kai	 Keep the change.  I love Ba Sing Se.
Bolin	Fwoo, I'm getting really hungry.  Haah, we might have to hustle up a little breakfast with the old,  fruit stand scam. Come on.  You remember how it goes,  I push you into the stand,  you scream.  I pretend to faint.
Mako	I don't want any part of it. Besides, look at this fruit,  it's disgusting. We don't want to steal this.
Tu	 Hey,  you trying to steal my fruit?
Mako	No, I just said I don't want any of this rotten fruit.
Tu	 Oh, you're too good for my fruit?  This is the best fruit on the block.
Mako	So you want me to steal it?
Tu	 Just try me, buddy.  Go ahead.
Bolin	I'm confused. Are we stealing the fruit or not?
Tu	I knew it.  Thieves! 
Chow	What's going on here?
Tu	 Dad, these fruit thieves are insulting our fruit.
Chow	 Bolin? Mako?
Mako	How do you know our names?
Bolin	Yeah, I mean I'm famous so I get that, but how do you know his name?
Chow	You look just like San.  Tu, you'll never believe who these guys are. They're your cousins! My brother San's kids. 
Desna	Lord Zuko, Uncle, this is a surprise.
Eska	Finally something exciting happens. Ruling the tribe is so tedious.
Zuko	Then you should enjoy this. We need to check on a secret ice prison in the western tundra.
Chow	Your father sent us a letter years ago with your names, but that was the last we heard from him. Then we saw your pictures in the sports magazine with your bending team, and Bolin, we love those Nuktuk movers. They're hilarious!
Bolin	Yeah, they're not really comedies, but uh ...
Tu	Yeah, I could probably be a pro-bender or an actor or something if I lived in a mansion in Republic City like you guys. You don't know what it's like on the streets. You got to be tough. 
Bolin	Oh, Mako and I grew up on the streets. We were homeless, then we were kinda in a gang, then we lived in a gym ... 
Chow	Hey everybody! Look who's here, San's kids: Mako and Bolin. 
Female family member	Come in.
Yin	Is it true? After all these years?
Chow	Boys, this is your grandmother, Yin.
Yin	Aw, it is so wonderful to meet my long lost grandchildren  Where is San and your mother?
Bolin	Wait, you mean you don't know?
Mako	I'm sorry, they were killed when we were little. 
Korra	I don't like the looks of this. Let's hurry up and get out of here.
Korra	Go ahead and load it on the airship.
Asami	So much for our escorts.
Korra	 Maybe we should have brought everybody else.
Barbarians	Woo hoo!
Gombo	Step away from the gold ladies and you won't get hurt.
Korra	Sorry to disappoint you, but we're taking this gold back to Ba Sing Se.
Gombo	Aww, we love gals with spirit, suit yourself.
Gombo	Retreat, retreat!  You're on the wrong side of this fight, Avatar. That gold belongs to the people, not the Queen.
Korra	 Why do I get the feeling he's right?
Eska	Why didn't anyone tell us we have a secret prison we could have been throwing people in?
Desna	I'd like to put my tailor in here. He never gets my cuffs right. They're so ... crease-y.
Zuko	We built this place secretly with your father to hold a very special prisoner. She's a powerful firebender named P'Li who can create explosions with her mind. Ironically, I hired a guy with a similar ability to kill the Avatar myself once.  Didn't work.
Eska	 Don't feel bad. I tried to kill Korra  after she ruined my wedding. It happens.
Tonraq	 Let's just focus on keeping this woman in prison.
Zuko	The intense cold prevents her from firebending.
Desna	 There's certainly no way anyone's breaking out of here.
Zuko	That's what we thought about the other three prisons.
P'Li	 There must be something exciting going on . No one interesting has visited me in thirteen years.
Tonraq	Don't get used to it.
P'Li	He's out, isn't he? Mmm, I'm feeling warmer already .
Bolin	This is so great! We never had a family before. Now we've got one, two, five ... eleven ...  ... a big family! Yeah!
Mako	So why did Dad leave Ba Sing Se?
Chow	Oh, he always had big dreams. He couldn't wait to get out and see the world. Your grandfather thought it was ridiculous. He wanted San to stay home and work the fruit stand. But San was determined to leave, and they had a huge fight.  And that was the last time they ever spoke.  Oh, um ... sorry, Mom.
Yin	 Come with me. I have something to show you.
Yin	 This is the only letter we ever got from San. It says he married a beautiful girl from the Fire Nation, and had two wonderful sons. He sent this picture of you all on his birthday. 
Bolin	Look, Mako! Dad's wearing your scarf!
Yin	I'm so sad that I never got to meet your mother,  but you have her eyes. I know from looking at you two that she must have been a wonderful bride for my boy. 
Mako	 I'm sure they would want you to have this.
Gun	Your Majesty. The Avatar has returned with the tax payments.
Hou-Ting	Finally. Secure it in the vault.
Gun	It's being done as we speak.
Korra	So now, Your Majesty, if I could start meeting some of the airbenders here in the city.
Hou-Ting	The Dai Li thoroughly searched the city, but it seems your reports were incorrect. There are no airbenders in Ba Sing Se. So, you can gather your little band and be on your way tomorrow.
Korra	You make me do your dirty work extorting your own citizens for your stupid palaces and topiaries and then you just want to send me away? We're not going anywhere until we find some airbenders! We know there are some here!
Hou-Ting	 Get her out of my sight!
Korra	 This isn't over! I'm going to find the airbenders!
Chow	 You know, San would've been so proud of you guys! Traveling the world with the Avatar? He would've loved that!
Mako	We actually need to get back to the Avatar in the Upper Ring. We're supposed to be helping her find airbenders in Ba Sing Se. 
Bolin	 What? What happened?
Chow	One of our neighbors started airbending about a week ago. A couple days later, two Dai Li agents come out of nowhere and snatch him up. No one's seen him since.
Tu	They say the Earth Queen's locking all the airbenders up somewhere, and using them for experiments.
Yin	Tu! Don't talk like that about Her Majesty!  Long may she reign.
Mako	 We have to get back to the Upper Ring and tell Korra. 
Bolin	 I hope Kai is okay.
Kai	 Here, sir, let me help you.
Kai	Hey! What's going on?  I didn't do anything! I'm with the Avatar.
