Shiro Shinobi	" Welcome to Republic City, the place of hopes, dreams and Spirit Wilds!  This metropolis truly has something for everyone. Visit Air Temple Island, the hub for all airbenders as they travel the world, helping others. Or take a stroll through beautiful Avatar Korra Park, named in honor of ""You-Know-Who""! We've missed her these past three years and we can't wait to welcome her home. Get well soon, Korra! And of course, you'll want to see our most unique attractions: the Spirit Wilds. Here, spirits and people live harmoniously together.  Like this old codger, and his new pals. Yes siree, this town is truly on the up and up! Come be a part of the action in Republic City!"
Raiko	 And of course, my biggest thanks goes to Asami Sato and Future Industries. She brought our old central terminal into the modern era. Ladies and gentlemen, the world is entering a new age of peace and prosperity. Soon, Prince Wu will take his rightful place on the Earth Kingdom throne.  And thanks to our updated rail system, Republic City and the Earth Kingdom will be united like never before!
Wu	Hey there! Asami, right? Great train house. Maybe you can give me a personal tour sometime, what do you say?
Asami	 I do like the idea of putting you on a train and sending you far, far away.
Wu	 That's ... that's funny. I like funny dames. Maybe I should introduce myself. I'm Prince Wu, future king.
Asami	Yeah ... I'm aware of who you are.
Wu	Don't let my reputation intimidate you. I'm still human just like everyone else. Only more human, like, extra human, or, hmm, superhuman.
Asami	 Superhuman?
Wu	So, what do you say? Can I show you a low-key night out with a superhuman soon-to-be king?
Mako	Prince Wu! President Raiko has some really important ... king stuff to talk to you about.
Wu	 Now?  Fine.  Think over the offer.  I'll be back. 
Mako	He's a real charmer, huh?
Asami	He's ... something. How can you stand being his bodyguard?
Mako	Well, I just remind myself that once he's on the throne, I go back to being a detective.
Asami	And that works?
Mako	 I also go home, and smash my head into the wall for an hour, you know, just to get the stress out.
Asami	 It's good to see you, Mako. It's been too long. You hear from Bolin lately?
Mako	I haven't talked to him for a while, but he's coming in a few days for the coronation. And Beifong told me that Korra is getting in tonight.
Asami	I can't wait to see her.  It's going to be weird, having the old Team Avatar back in the city after all these years.
Tenzin	After your coronation, the United Forces will escort you to Ba Sing Se.
Wu	Right. About that. Are we all positive that the Earth Kingdom is safe enough for me to return? I don't have to remind everyone what happened to my great-aunt three years ago?!  May she rest in peace.
Raiko	Prince Wu, I assure you, Kuvira has the Earth Kingdom pretty much stabilized at this point.
Wu	" Uh ... define ""pretty much""."
Tenzin	Well, the roving bandits have mostly been dispersed.
Wu	Mostly?
Lin	Don't worry kid. The chances of you being assassinated are almost zero.
Wu	Almost?
Shopkeeper	Get out of here! We don't have anything left.
Bandit #1	Now you don't have anything left.
Kai	It's safe to come out, everyone! The airbenders are here.
Governor	You finally made it! So where are the rest of you?
Opal	Actually, it's just the two of us, but we're going to do everything we can to help. I'm Opal, and this is Kai.
Kai	It's nice to meet you.
Governor	 What? I called Master Tenzin because my state has been under siege by bandits for months. They blocked all the roads, cut off our supply lines, and all he sent is you two kids?
Kai	Hey, us two kids just took care of those three guys for you.
Governor	There are hundreds more where they came from. My citizens are going hungry. Our entire state is on the brink of collapse.
Opal	Unfortunately, the Air Nation is spread thin right now. We're all you have.
Bolin	We just got some good news.  Two more Earth Kingdom states have agreed to join us.
Baatar Jr.	Excellent! Thank you, Bolin.  We're ninety percent there, Kuvira.
Varrick	 That's great! Zhu Li, dish out some of that special celebration tea!
Kuvira	None for me. I won't celebrate until the Earth Kingdom is one hundred percent reunited.
Kuvira	Why have we stopped?
Driver	Apologies. There are rocks on the tracks. It's most likely bandits. We're sending troops to handle the situation.
Kuvira	Call them off. I will take care of the bandits myself.
Female bandit #1	You're ... Kuvira.
Kuvira	And you're the bandits who have been causing chaos where I'm trying to establish order, aren't you?
Female bandit #1	 We're sorry, we didn't know this was your train and ...
Kuvira	 Don't talk over me! 
Male bandit #1	Please, take mercy on us!
Kuvira	Stop groveling as if this is the worst day of your life. This ... is a good day. I'm going to give you all the opportunity to rehabilitate yourselves, and become productive members of your nation. Right now, you're lost, but pledge your loyalty to me, and I'll give you a new purpose in your lives. Of course, if you don't want to join, you could always stay right here. Hopefully, someone saves you before the next train speeds through, but I wouldn't count on it.
Male bandit #1	No, we'll join. Don't leave us here.
Female bandit #1	We pledge our loyalty to you, Great Uniter.
Mako	I don't know why we're leaving so early if you're just getting a haircut. The dinner at Air Temple Island isn't until later tonight.
Wu	Because I'm not just getting a haircut, it's a spa day! We're talking minimum four hours.
Mako	Are you kidding me?  What are you having done that takes four hours?
Wu	A rejuvenating tea-leaf skin wrap. Have you ever gotten one of those, Mako?
Mako	Yeah, I'm ... not interested.
Wu	 You will be.  So while your hands soak in a bubbling milk-bath, your feet are in a tub full of these little sucker-fish that literally eat your calluses away. Gobble them right up! Crazy, huh?
Mako	That's disgusting!
Wu	Then, they scrape your skin with blocks of sea-salt and lube you up with seaweed-infused aloe, wrap you in tea leaves, put you in a hot box for four hours, and bam! You're done!  Mako, look at all my fans! They must be in town for my coronation.
Mako	 I don't know if all those people are your fans.
Mako	 Wu, we have to get you out of here!  Go! Go!
Wu	What just happened out there?
Mako	I think those were Kuvira's supporters in the crowd.
Wu	 Oh no! Mako, I've been hit! It's a gusher!
Mako	 That's not blood. It's strawberry pie.
Wu	 Oh. Yeah, you're right.  But that was close. I don't know what would have happened if you weren't there.
Mako	You would have been hit by a pie. It's really not that big of a deal.
Wu	Or I could have been killed! I don't know what I'd ever do without you! Wait a second. Did you say strawberry pie?  I'm allergic to strawberries!  I don't think I can breathe! Get me to the hospital! Wu down!
Mako	 You're allergic to bee stings!
Wu	 Oh. Yeah, you're right.  I always get those two mixed up.
Kai	Look! A train made it through!
Opal	Maybe they brought food and supplies!
Kai	Hey, what's your boyfriend doing here?
Opal	If he's here, he must be with Kuvira and my brother. This isn't going to be good.
Kai	 Bolin!
Bolin	 Kai!  Wow, you are a lot heavier than you used to be. You're really growing up.
Kai	What's up with your new hair? You look like a stiff.
Bolin	 Hey, Kuvira says it makes me look intelligent and professional.
Opal	 Don't believe everything she says.
Bolin	Opal, I can't believe you're here too!  I missed you so much.
Opal	I missed you too.
Baatar Jr.	Look who it is. It's good to see you again, little sister.
Kuvira	What a wonderful surprise. A happy reunion for my favorite couple.
Baatar Jr.	 How's Mom doing?
Opal	 Like you care. She still hasn't forgiven you.
Baatar Jr.	You know, for someone who claims to be so enlightened, Mom can really hold a grudge.
Opal	I guess when her son betrays her ...
Kuvira	 Please, Opal, we're not here to bicker with you about something that happened three years ago. We're here to help this town, just like you.
Opal	 I've heard how you help towns. By conquering them.
Kuvira	I know the rumors about me can be pretty nasty, but I am giving everyone in this nation a better future. And with Bolin's help, and my fiancé's ideas, we're laying the ground work for the people to achieve their own greatness.
Opal	 Your fiancé?
Kuvira	You haven't heard?  Your brother and I are getting married.
Bolin	 Isn't that great, sweetie?
Kuvira	I know things got heated with your family when Baatar and I left Zaofu, but don't you think it's time to forgive and forget?
Kuvira	 Hello, governor. I was wondering if you and I could talk privately.
Kuvira	So, have you had time to rethink my generous offer?
Governor	Generous? You want to take everything. How is that generous?
Kuvira	Governor, your state has been overrun by bandits. They have you outnumbered and outsupplied. The question's not if they'll take over; it's when. Unless you sign our deal. Agree to the terms, and you'll have the full force of my army backing you. You will remain in charge, just under my supervision. I will save your life, and the lives of your citizens. I think that's pretty generous.
Governor	" I know how you manipulate states, and force them to join up under you. I know the only reason you want this region is because it is rich in ore.  They might call you ""The Great Uniter"", but you're destroying everything! I'll never turn the great state of Yi over to you!"
Kuvira	 You have a lot of pride, but it cannot protect your people.  Your pride will not stop the hordes as your city crumbles to the ground. And your pride will certainly not feed your hungry when all that is left is rubble!
Governor	 Leave! Get out of my state!
Kuvira	You will perish, unless you take my generous offer.
Kuvira	It's time to go. We're not wanted here.
Bolin	 What happened?
Kuvira	It appears we can't make a deal right now. 
Kai	Wait! Aren't you guys going to stick around and help?
Kuvira	 Here's the contract. We'll wait at the border for one day. You get the governor to sign it, and you'll have all the help you need. 
Bolin	 I guess ... I got to go.
Opal	 Don't! Please, you can't turn your back on these people!
Bolin	I'm not! I wanna help, but if the Governor wants us gone, there's ... there's nothing I can do. I'm sorry.  Hey ... Opal, please.
Opal	 Leave, if that's what you're going to do. 
Kai	You know, we might not need their help after all. The roads may be impassable, but not the skies. We can use Lefty to fly to all the nearby villages, pick up supplies, and fly back.
Opal	You're right. We can save this town ourselves.
Farmer	Sorry we couldn't give you more. That's all we could spare.
Opal	Every little bit helps. Because of you and the other farmers around here, we have more than enough food to feed the town until we can get some reinforcements. 
Kai	Thanks!
Kai	So ... you and Bolin doing okay?
Opal	 I don't know. It's really tough having a long distance relationship. And I can't stand that he's working with Kuvira.
Kai	I can tell. But it does seem like he found his calling, doesn't it? He loves helping people.
Opal	Maybe. It's just ... he's changed a lot since he's been around her.
Kai	He's growing up.
Opal	I just hope we're not growing apart.  Speaking of long-distance relationships, how are you and Jinora doing?
Kai	Actually, we're doing fine.  You hear that?
Kai	It's more bandits!
Kai	We're hooked!
Kai	 No!
Governor	What happened? Where's all the food?
Opal	We were attacked in mid-air. We lost everything.
Kai	It might be time to make a tough call. 
Governor	Here. Tell Kuvira to save my people.
Kai	For what it's worth, I think you made the right decision.
Governor	 Did I ever really have a choice?
Meelo	When Korra gets here, I bet she's not even going to know who I am.
Ikki	Why is that?
Meelo	Because Meelo the boy  has turned into Meelo the man!
Ikki	 Right. You're completely unrecognizable.
Wu	 You've never had the tea leaf wrap? You have no idea what you're missing. The face massage alone is to die for.
Mako	 Ugh. This coronation cannot come soon enough. I can't wait to go back to being a detective.
Lin	 Right ... umm ... yeah, about that ...
Mako	 What?
Lin	I don't know how to tell you this ... you're going to Ba Sing Se ... with the prince.
Mako	 No!
Lin	I tried to get you out of it, but it's over my head.  Wu personally asked Raiko. He says he doesn't know what he'd do without you.
Mako	 This can't be happening! I'm not even an Earth Kingdom citizen; I work for the Republic City Police Department.
Lin	Not anymore.  You're just a pawn in Raiko's diplomatic game. You can try talking to him, but I don't think he's going to let you quit.
Mako	
Acolyte	There's a Southern Water Tribe ship pulling up to the dock!
Children	 Korra!
Kuvira	The State of Yi is now under the full protection of my army.  Proclaim your loyalty, if you wish to keep your post.
Governor	 I pledge my loyalty to you, oh Great Uniter.
Tenzin	 Tonraq. It's good to have you back in the city. And everyone is excited to see the Avatar again.
Tonraq	 What do you mean? Isn't Korra already here?
Tenzin	No, we thought she was coming with you.
Tonraq	Korra left the South Pole six months ago. She's written me letters. She said she was here in Republic City.
Tenzin	I assure you, your daughter is not here.
Tonraq	 Then where is she?
Korra	 Is that all you got?
Announcer	We have a winner!
Announcer	Here.  For your lackluster participation.
Korra	 Thanks.
Announcer	You know, you look very familiar.  Yeah, you ... you kind of look like that Avatar girl!
Korra	 I get that a lot. 
Announcer	Whatever happened to her anyway?
Korra	 I wouldn't know.
