Tarrlok	" Although the Hundred Year War has long passed, we are not living in a time of peace.  These revolutionaries who call themselves ""Equalists"" are not interested in equality at all. They just want to wage war against benders.  Chief Beifong was supposed to protect Republic City, but she was powerless to stop Amon's attack on the arena. She has failed us all. If we are to survive these dire times, our law enforcement needs new leadership."
Mako	I still can't believe they're shutting this place down.
Bolin	 Yeah. We had some good memories here, didn't we?
Korra	 Guys! Great news. You don't have to go back on the streets. I talked to Tenzin and made all the arrangements. You can come live on Air Temple Island with me!
Mako	Oh, we'd love to, but ...
Bolin	 Asami already invited us to live in her dad's giant mansion!  From here on out, it's gonna be the lap of luxury for us.
Asami	 Oh hey, Korra, I was hoping you would stop by. 
Korra	I was just leaving.  So, I guess I'll see you guys around, some time.
Asami	Why not tomorrow? I'd love to have you come visit the estate.
Korra	I don't know. I have some ... Avatar stuff to do.
Bolin	 Come on, Korra.  We all deserve a little rest and relaxation after all this craziness. We could swim in Asami's pool.  It'll be fun!
Korra	 All right, Pabu.
Asami	 Great, we'll see you tomorrow.
Lin	Looks like our intel was good.
Saikhan	There's enough evidence here to bury Cabbage Corp for an eternity.
Lau Gan-Lan	 This is an outrage! I'm innocent!
Saikhan	 Yeah, yeah. That's what they all say ...
Reporter	Is it true that Cabbage Corp is conspiring with the Equalists?
Lin	The evidence points in that direction, but the investigation is ongoing. For the time being, we have frozen Mr. Gan-Lan's assets and are closing Cabbage Corp.
Lau Gan-Lan	 No! Not my Cabbage Corp! 
Tahno	 Hey, Korra. 
Korra	 Tahno?
Korra	Listen, I know we're not exactly best friends, but I'm sorry Amon took your bending.
Tahno	I've been to the best healers in the city. Whatever Amon did to me, it's permanent.  You gotta get him for me.
Lin	Mr. Sato, if you remember anything else about what you saw during Amon's attack, be sure to let us know.
Hiroshi Sato	I'm happy to help any way I can. I want these Equalists to pay for what they've done. 
Tenzin	 We're ready for you now. 
Tahno	" See you around ...  ""Ah""vatar. "
Bolin	Earthbending bomb!
Butler	 Avatar Korra ... has arrived.
Mako	Hey, Korra!
Asami	 Glad you made it!
Bolin	 Welcome to paradise! 
Korra	 Looks like you guys settled right in.
Mako	 Pretty much,  except someone forgot to ask her father if we could stay here.
Asami	 Yeah, but I smoothed it over with him. It's easier to ask for forgiveness than permission.
Bolin	 This is the greatest place in the world! Watch this, watch this.  Fetch me my towel, good sir.
Butler	Yes, Master ... Bolin. 
Bolin	 Master Bolin! Ha, I love this guy.  Now pat me dry.
Butler	As you wish. 
Bolin	 Don't forget Master Pabu.
Butler	Wouldn't dream of it, sir. 
Korra	 So, what do you have planned for us today? Let me guess, shopping, makeovers ...
Bolin	 Ooh, Ooh! I vote makeovers! 
Asami	 I had something a little more exciting in mind.
Asami	Pretty cool, huh?
Korra	 Way cooler than a makeover.
Asami	This is where Future Industries test-drives their Satomobiles. Ever been behind the wheel?
Korra	The only thing I know how to drive is a polar bear dog.
Asami	You want me to take you for a spin?
Korra	 Let's do it!
Korra	 That was amazing! I didn't think we'd make it.
Asami	Well, you can't be afraid to mix it up sometimes.
Korra	I gotta admit, I had you pegged wrong. I thought you were kind of ... prissy.  Eh-No offense!
Asami	 It's all right, people usually assume that I'm daddy's helpless little girl, but I can handle myself. I mean, I've been in self-defense classes since I was this high.  My dad made sure that I would always be able to protect myself.
Korra	Smart guy.
Bolin	Emergency, emergency coming through, beep beep! 
Korra	 Uh, is there another bathroom I can use?
Asami	We have a lady's powder room upstairs,  first door on your right. You can freshen up in there.
Korra	Thanks.
Hiroshi Sato	No, no! No, I assure you, everything is going exactly as planned.  Uh-um, yes ... luckily, the Cabbage Corp investigation has bought us enough time.  Trust me, by the end of the week ...  we'll be ready to strike! 
Asami	You're leaving? But I-I thought ...
Korra	 Uh, sorry! I forgot, I'm supposed to airsit, I mean babybend, I-I mean babysit the airbender kids. See you later!
Tenzin	So, you think Mr. Sato manufactured those gloves for the Equalists then framed Cabbage Corp?
Lin	That's a bold accusation, but what proof do you have?
Korra	Well, I don't exactly have proof, but I know what I heard. Sato's up to something.
Lin	He does have the means ... and he has a motive.
Tenzin	That's right.
Korra	 A motive? What is it?
Tenzin	Twelve years ago, the Agni Kai Triad robbed Sato's mansion. A firebender killed Sato's wife during the break in.
Korra	 That's terrible.
Tenzin	It was tragic. It's possible that he's been harboring anti-bending sentiment all this time.
Lin	Maybe we should look at Mr. Sato a little more closely.
Mako	 What's going on? Why are they asking Hiroshi more questions?
Korra	I overheard him on the phone yesterday. Asami, I don't know how to tell you this, but I think your father might be involved with the Equalists.
Asami	 What? I don't believe this. 
Mako	You spied on Hiroshi?  What's your problem? 
Lin	Mr. Sato, we just have a few follow-up questions for you.
Asami	 My father is innocent. Just because we're not benders doesn't mean we support those awful Equalists. 
Hiroshi Sato	Equalists?  Is that what this is about? I can assure you I have nothing to do with those radicals.
Mako	 Yeah, you don't know what you're talking about, Korra.
Korra	 I overheard you on the phone. You said the Cabbage Corp investigation bought you time, and you're getting ready to strike. Explain that!
Hiroshi Sato	 This is all just a misunderstanding, resulting from the young Avatar's overactive imagination. My number one competitor was knocked out of the game. It's providing me an opportunity to strike the market with a new line of Satomobiles.  It's just business. Nothing nefarious. 
Tenzin	 In order to put all suspicions to rest, might we have a look into your factories and warehouses?
Hiroshi Sato	 If you feel it's necessary, you're welcome to search all of Future Industries.
News reporter	 Is it possible, presidents of Cabbage Corp and Future Industries both have Equalist ties, or did Hiroshi Sato frame his longtime rival, Lau Gan-Lan?  Or did Chief Beifong just plain arrest the wrong man?  So far the investigation has yielded no evidence to incriminate Sato. 
Korra	I can't believe we didn't find anything.
Lin	It would appear Hiroshi is innocent.
Asami	 Okay, you did your search. Now you can all leave.
Lin	 Hmm.
Mako	So, I hope you're convinced now.
Korra	No, I'm not! I don't care how cooperative Hiroshi is being, I know he's lying.
Mako	 Why are you doing this? Are you that jealous of me and Asami? 
Korra	 What?  Don't be ridiculous! That has nothing to do with it!
Mako	 If you don't drop this, consider our friendship over.
Korra	I'm sorry. Hiroshi is not the man you think he is.
Mako	 Hmph.
Korra	" I think you guys should hear this.  ""If you want to find the truth, meet me under the north end of the Silk Road Bridge at midnight."" "
Warehouse worker	 Psst.  Over here.  Listen, I joined the Equalists because I believed in what Amon said. I thought he could make life better for us nonbenders. But I didn't sign up for this ...  this war.
Lin	 What do you have on Hiroshi Sato?
Warehouse worker	He manufactured those gloves  for the Equalists.
Korra	 I knew it!
Warehouse worker	 And there are rumors he's working on something even bigger. Some new kind of weapon.
Tenzin	 We searched all of Future Industries and found nothing.
Warehouse worker	That's because he has a secret factory.
Korra	 Where?
Warehouse worker	 It's right underneath the Sato Mansion.
Tenzin	Raiding the Sato Mansion is a risky move with Tarrlok breathing down your neck. If we're wrong ...
Lin	I know. I can kiss my job goodbye. But protecting Republic City is all I care about. We can't let Amon get his hands on this new weapon.
Asami	 What are you doing here?
Lin	We have a reason to believe that there's a factory hidden below the mansion.
Asami	 I think I would've noticed if there were a factory underneath my house. The lies you people come up with just to persecute my father.
Tenzin	Where is your father?
Asami	In his workshop, behind the house.
Asami	 Dad? Hello?
Officer	 Chief, the estate's been secured. No one has left the workshop since we arrived.
Lin	Perhaps we just couldn't see him leaving.
Lin	There's a tunnel beneath the workshop running deep into the mountainside.
Asami	 What? There's no tunnel. 
Bolin	 Do you think your dad knows about this tunnel?
Asami	 I don't understand. There must be an explanation.
Korra	 Maybe you don't know everything about your father.  I'm sorry.
Lin	 Officers,  into the tunnel. Be cautious.  Uh-uh, you three stay up here.  Officer Song, keep an eye on them.
Lin	Not your average backyard workshop.
Korra	 And I'm guessing those are the new weapons. 
Tenzin	Hiroshi was lying all right, but where is he? 
Bolin	What was that?
Mako	We need to get down there and see what's going on.
Song	 Absolutely not. You're staying put until the chief comes back.
Mako	 All right, we'll stay put. But could we wait outside or something? It's so dusty in this workshop.
Song	No! We're waiting right here!
Mako	Okay, but don't blame me if I start sne-  if I start sn-sn-sneez- 
Song	What's your problem, bub?
Mako	I'm about to-  Sorry pal, we know you were just doing your job.
Bolin	Yeah, just stay put until the chief comes back. That's sounds very familiar doesn't it, why? Because you said it. 
Mako	Asami, you should stay here. We'll check it out.
Asami	 I have to find out the truth about my father.
Mako	I understand. That's why I'm going down, to find out for you. Please.
Asami	 All right.  Be careful.
Hiroshi Sato	 I'm afraid you won't be able to metalbend that wall, Chief Beifong.  It's solid platinum.  My mecha tanks are platinum as well.  Not even your renowned mother could bend a metal so pure.
Korra	 Hiroshi, I knew you were a lying, no good Equalist! Come out here and-
Hiroshi Sato	 And do what, young Avatar? Face the wrath of your bending? No. I think I'll fight from inside here where my odds are a little more ... equal.
Lin	That source was a set-up! You lured us down here! 
Hiroshi Sato	Guilty as charged.
Tenzin	Korra!
Hiroshi Sato	Well, I'd say that was a near flawless test run.  Load everyone into the transports and deliver them to Amon!
Bolin	Oh no.
Mako	Korra was right. We gotta do something, quick!
Hiroshi Sato	Not so fast, boys. 
Bolin	 Hello, Mr. Sato. Wow! What a really swell, scary factory you have here under your giant mansion.
Mako	 Sponsoring our team, supporting the Avatar. It was all just a big cover.
Hiroshi Sato	Yes, and the most difficult part was watching my daughter traipse around with a firebending street rat like you! 
Asami	Dad, stop!  Why?
Hiroshi Sato	 Sweetie, I wanted to keep you out of this as long as I could.  But now you know the truth, please, forgive me.  These people,  these benders. They took away your mother, the love of my life. They've ruined the world, but with Amon we can fix it and build a perfect world together. We can help people like us, everywhere!  Join me, Asami.
Mako	 No ...
Asami	 I love you, Dad.
Mako	 Let's get out of here!
Lin	 My metalbenders are on their way to Amon, and it's all my fault. Tarrlok's right, I've failed as chief. First thing in the morning, I'm handing in my resignation.
Tenzin	 No! You can't give up like this!
Lin	 I'm not giving up. I'm gonna find my officers and take Amon down. But I'm gonna do it my way, outside the law. 
Mako	 I'm sorry I didn't believe you. But Asami's dad being an Equalist is not an easy thing to believe. Even now.
Korra	I know. I'm sorry this whole thing happened.
Mako	So ... does your offer to live in the Air Temple still stand?
Korra	 Of course it does. And Asami's welcome, too.
Mako	 Thank you so much.
Korra	 After everything she's been through, she's going to need you, Mako.
