Meelo	 Dad's back.
Pema	 Where's Jinora?  No!
Tenzin	 Her spirit is trapped in the Spirit World, but she's going to be all right.
Pema	 How could this happen?
Tenzin	It was all my fault.  I should have never let Jinora enter the Spirit World without me. I couldn't protect her.
Korra	I'm so sorry, Pema. I tried to save her, but Unalaq tricked me.
Tenzin	 Don't worry, honey,  I'm not going to stop until our little girl is back safe with us.
Song	You've got a visitor.
Bolin	 Hey, Mako.
Mako	 Hey. What's with the fancy duds?
Bolin	"I'm on my way to the big finale for ""Nuktuk: Hero of the South.""  Yeah, everyone's gonna be there except for, you know, you ... because you're in jail and stuff."
Mako	 Thanks for the reminder.
Bolin	 Hey, I brought you something. I thought this would brighten up your new place. Read the inscription.
Mako	" ""Dear Mako, Nuktuk says, 'Keep smiling.'""  Did you come by just to give me a poster?"
Bolin	 No, I came by to give you my sincere, heartfelt words of encouragement. I know our lives have been moving in two different directions, but I want you to know that I will always be there for you.  We are brothers, after all, even if one of us is a member of high society and the other one is a criminal.
Mako	 I am not a criminal!
Bolin	 Of course I know that, but you do kinda look like one, cause you're in a jail and that's where criminals live.
Mako	 I was set up! Varrick knew I had figured out he was hiring gangsters to pose as Northern soldiers to get Republic City to join the war. That's why he had me arrested.
Bolin	 Ah, I see what you're doing. You're going for the insanity defense. Smart.
Mako	 No! I'm trying to tell you that Varrick isn't what he seems. Where's Asami? She'll listen to me.
Bolin	 I asked her to come, but she said it was too hard for her. You being in jail like this reminds her of her dad.  Okay, gotta run,  but I'll be back tomorrow. And I am gonna get you the best attorney fame and fortune can buy.
Mako	 Bolin, wait. If my theory about Varrick is right, something might go down tonight at your premiere. Promise me you'll keep your eyes peeled.
Bolin	 Yeah, okay, big brother. I promise.  Whew! That insanity defense is definitely gonna work.
Tonraq	We can't wait any longer. [To the other rebels.] It's time to take back what is ours! It's time to take back our city!
Rebels	Yeah!
Photographer	" Say ""Nuktuk""!"
Bolin	[Walks inside with Ginger; frontal of both.] Wow, that was fun! And did you hear what Shiro said? We're Republic City's most famous couple.
Ginger	Bolin, you're a doll, but you're as dumb as the rocks you bend. We are not a couple.
Bolin	 That's not what Shiro said!
Gang	[Stands at attention with Lu.] You got it, boss.
Shiro Shinobi	[Raiko and his wife step out of the limo; frontal of both.] This star-studded event just keeps getting star-studdier folks. President Raiko and the First Lady Buttercup Raiko just arrived, [Far shot of both as Varrick approaches them.] and they're being greeted by entrepreneur extraordinaire Varrick.
Varrick	There they are, my two most honored guests.  What do you think?  No expense has been spared, I brought in the finest entertainers from Ba Sing Se, and the best food from around the world. Heck! I even had this red carpet imported from the Fire Nation! They make the best red stuff over there. Fact! All right, picture time. 
Raiko	 Varrick, you didn't have to do all this for us.
Varrick	 I wanted to. Mister President, I took one look at your wife and I knew that you were a man of exquisite taste.  And that's why I know you're gonna love this mover!
Raiko	Varrick, I know what you're doing, and I doubt your propaganda is going to change my mind about going to war with the Northern Water Tribe.
Varrick	Oh, I think you'll be surprised how persuasive I can be.
Varrick	"Thank you all for  coming for the finale of ""Nuktuk: Hero of the South""! You know, when I first started this project there were a lot of naysayers out there. ""You can't make pictures move"" they said. ""You can't take some knucklehead earthbender and make him a star"" they said.  ""You can't teach a polar bear dog to speak"" they said. Well, they're wrong! Thanks to the magic of the movers, our furry friends have found their voices, and you'll be shocked to hear what they have to say.  They speak of the injustice that is happening in the Southern Water Tribe right now.  My hope, is that their words, and this epic mover, will inspire a real life hero to rise up, and help.  Thank you again, enjoy the show! "
Nuktuk	Thank you, wise sage. I will travel to Republic City and seek help.
Nuktuk	Mister president, there's something more important than the sniffles right now. I need your help to stop the Evil Unalaq.
Buttercup Raiko	[Whispering to her husband.] The seal lion seemed a bit far fetched, but the portrayal of this president is right on the money. [Raiko smiles uneasily.]
Asami	I think this is your best mover yet.
Bolin	 I just wish Mako was here to see it.
Lu	 Mmm. I like to eat the top of the Varri-cake first.
Gang	 I just try to shove the whole thing in my mouth at once. 
Lu	 I love our job.
Nuktuk	Northern Water Tribe automatons! No!
Automatons	Bee bow bop, Nuktuk cannot stop Unalaq, must destroy Nuktuk.
Nuktuk	 Haha! Arhg!  Looks like you forgot that water, and automatons, don't mix.
Automatons	Bee bow bop, oh no, circuits no working. 
Nuktuk	Hahaho!  We did it! But wait, where's Juji?
Roh-Tan	Nuk-no!
Nuktuk	 You can't die Juji! Not on my watch!
Juji	It's okay, Nuktuk. At least ... I got to be  your friend.
Nuktuk	Juji!
Asami	Are you okay? It seems like this mover is really getting to you. You do know Juji's not really dead?
Bolin	Of course I know. Juji's fine. He comes back to life in the end when the doomsday device shifts the polarity of the Earth. Oops. Spoiler. Sorry.
Asami	Then what's wrong?
Bolin	I guess I just miss my friends. Everything is going so well for me, but it feels empty without everyone around. Korra's gone, Mako's in jail, you're doing ... business-lady stuff. Team Avatar's fallen apart.
Asami	I know. Things have changed to much since we first met.  Why don't you come back in and finish watching the mover with me?
Bolin	You go ahead. I need another another minute.  That's weird.
Gang	They're after the president!
Nuktuk	[Cut to a side-shot of Raiko and his wife, panning to the left; voice-over.] I don't think so.
Bolin	I don't think so.
Bolin	Mister President, get back, I'm here to help.
Bolin	Looks like there's no where to go.
Ginger/Actress Ginger	Bolin, look out!/Nuktuk, look out!
Bolin	[Bends a disc.] Tell me who sent you!
Soldier	 It was Varrick, please don't hurt me, Nuktuk!
Varrick	I think this is our cue to exit.
Shiro Shinobi	[Enthusiastically.] It's a knockout!
Tonraq	They're falling back!
Raiko	I can't believe Varrick would do something like this, and no one saw it coming.
Raiko	You got a great officer on your hands.
Ginger	I can't believe my boyfriend is a real life hero!
Bolin	 Boyfriend? Wait, stop. I thought you said we weren't a couple.
Ginger	You really are as dumb as those rocks. Of course we're a couple. 
Asami	Bolin you saved the president! And you proved Mako was right all along. We have to go tell him what happened.
Bolin	Yeah!  Oh, you meant right now.
Korra	President Raiko!
Raiko	Avatar Korra? What's wrong?
Korra	 Sir, I know I've asked for your help before, but things have changed. Unalaq doesn't just wanna take over the South anymore. He wants to destroy the whole world.
Bolin	Unalaq is going to destroy the world? He really does have a doomsday device?
Korra	He's trying to release a powerful dark spirit during Harmonic Convergence, which is only a few days away. If he succeeds, the world as we know it, is over. Sir, we desperately need your help.
Raiko	I'm sorry, Korra, but my answer is still no.
Tenzin	 There are lives on the line! And my daughter is one of them! Raiko, you must reconsider!
Raiko	I'm aware that lives are on the line. And that's precisely why my troops are staying here. If the world is going to be thrown into chaos as you claim, I need to protect my citizens. I'm sorry.
Bolin	Sir, Nuktuk needs your help. I know you love helping people.
Raiko	Son, I appreciate you saving my life and I'm a big fan of your work, but my decision is final. 
Bolin	 Never should have saved that guy.
Asami	If you guys need help, I'm here for you.
Bolin	Yeah, me too.
Korra	Thank you. It's so good to see you guys again.  Wait. Where's Mako?
Mako	So, how was the big premiere?
Bolin	I saved the president, in real life!
Mako	Wait, wh-what?
Bolin	You were right about Varrick. He tried to kidnap Raiko!
Mako	I knew it!
Bolin	But it didn't work, because of you, and because of me. Let's just say we both did good. Beifong says you're free to go.  Sorry for ever doubting you, Mako.
Mako	 Don't worry about it bro.
Gang	But chief, there aren't any detective openings right now.
Korra	Mako, I've missed you so much.
Bolin	Oh yeah, did I forget to tell you? Korra's back.
Mako	Korra ... hey, I missed you, too. So you're not still mad at me?
Korra	Why would I be mad?
Mako	We had that fight before you left, remember?
Korra	No, not really. I got attacked by a dark spirit and I lost my memory for a little while. Maybe it hasn't all come back yet. Was it a bad fight?
Mako	 Uh ...  No. No, it wasn't that bad. 
Tenzin	Korra, we don't have much time. We need to figure out how to deal with Unalaq.
Bolin	I think I know just the man to talk to.
Varrick	Guys, hey,  what do you think? Varrick Industries built this prison, and I had this cell made special. I had a feeling I'd end up here one day.  Zhu Li, c'mon, we got guests!  Whip up a pot of that green tea I love!
Korra	[Surprised.] Zhu Li's in prison with you?
Varrick	 Of course! I don't go anywhere without my assistant. Do you?
Mako	 We're not interested in your tea. And this isn't a friendly visit.
Varrick	Don't tell me you guys are still mad about everything that happened. I did some good things, too.  Korra, who warned you about Unalaq?  I did.  Bolin, who got you into the movers?  I did.  Asami, who saved your company?  I did.  Mako, who got you thrown in jail!?  I did!  Oh yeah, guess that was a bad thing.
Asami	You stole everything from me and you tried to kidnap the president. Those are pretty bad, too.
Varrick	I wasn't going to hurt him. I just needed to start a war. Well, a bigger war.
Bolin	Well we're gonna end it. Where's all the stuff you stole from Asami?
Varrick	The Future Industries' stuff? It's on my battleship.
Korra	You have a battleship?
Varrick	"Of course I do! I bought the first one they made! Named her the ""Zhu Li"". "
Bolin	You named your battleship after your assistant?
Varrick	Yup. They're both cold, heartless war machines.
Varrick	[Apologetically.] Look, I'm truly sorry for the mess I caused. Let me make it up to you, [Darts his head toward Zhu Li.] take Zhu Li. [Everyone looks on in silence before Varrick talks again.] My battleship, it's yours, and everything on it.
Korra	 It's not the fleet we were looking for, but it's the next best thing.
Bolin	 All right! Team Avatar is back in business. Haha!
Mako	 It's okay. We're going to stop Unalaq, and get Jinora back.
Korra	I hope my dad's all right. 
Mako	I'm sure he's fine. 
Tonraq	Get the men and fall back.
Rebel	What about you?
Tonraq	I'm going to end this, right now. Go.
Unalaq	Hello, Tonraq. Looking for me?
Unalaq	 Brother, I'm too strong for you.
Tonraq	 You're no brother of mine. You betrayed me, you had me banished!
Unalaq	 Yes! I did.
Unalaq	 Stop! He's mine.
Tonraq	You are not the true chief.
Unalaq	I am. And you will bow to me.
Unalaq	Now that I've defeated you, your daughter is next.
