Shiro Shinobi	 Kuvira has defeated the Avatar and now controls the entire Earth Empire. Luckily, the airbender kids and Opal rescued Korra and escaped Zaofu. For the first time in three years, Korra will finally be back in Republic City! Meanwhile, Varrick and Bolin escaped from Baatar Jr. and are on the run. But will they make it back to the city in time to warn everyone about Kuvira's new spirit energy super weapon?
Korra	Naga!
Korra	 I missed you so much, girl!
Meelo	 Mom! Dad! We're back! And we got Korra!
Bumi	 Aren't you a sight for sore eyes!  Bum-Ju and I sure missed you.
Korra	It's so great to see you again, Bumi. And you too, Bum-Ju.
Tenzin	 Well done kids!  I'm proud of you all for finding Korra.
Meelo	 Proud enough to get me my tats?
Tenzin	 No.
Tenzin	Welcome home.
Korra	I missed you, Tenzin.
Tenzin	Now, I hate to get right down to business, but I want to hear what happened in Zaofu.
Bumi	Way to ruin the moment.
Opal	Kuvira's whole army was there. She captured Mom, Dad, and my brothers.
Korra	 I thought I was strong enough to stop her. I feel like such a failure.
Tenzin	No one expected you to handle Kuvira on your own. It's up to all of us to find a way to deal with her.  We're just glad to have you back.
Bumi	Where's Bolin? He's not still on Kuvira's side, is he?
Opal	I can't believe he would stay with her after what she did to my family. But we don't know where he is.
Bolin	How about you use your own legs for a while?
Varrick	You know, when I fled Republic City with Zhu Li, she carried me twenty miles in one day. And that was after she sprained her ankle.
Bolin	 Well, Zhu Li's not here, okay?
Varrick	 That's fine, leave me here, let the worms gobble me up. I deserve it.
Bolin	No way mister! You're not getting off that easily. You're responsible for that weapon Kuvira is trying to make. Which, may I remind you, could hurt a lot of people.
Varrick	No, don't remind me! I know, I'm a horrible, horrible person!
Bolin	 Okay, look. Kuvira fooled us both into doing her dirty work and I'm not happy about it either. But, you know how we're gonna make it up to the world? By getting back to Republic City and warning everyone what she's up to! So, I want you to take my hand  and march with me out of this forest!
Varrick	 You really have a way with words, kid. No wonder I made you a mover star. All right, I'll take the driver's seat for a while, hop on. 
Bolin	Oh, great, my feet could use a break. 
Varrick	 Oh, boy, here we go! 
Bolin	Are you kidding me?!
Korra	I hope you haven't been waiting long.
Asami	Only three years.  It's so good to see you again.
Korra	You too.
Asami	And I'm loving the hair.
Korra	Thanks.  You're looking snazzy as always.
Asami	Come on. Mako got us a table at the restaurant.
Mako	Korra!
Korra	Hi, Mako. 
Wu	 Hello there, Prince Wu, rightful heir to the throne and  this guy's boss. I bet he's told you a lot about me.
Korra	Nope. Not a thing.
Wu	 Then we have so much to talk about.  You are going to love the food here, I know the chef personally.  Let's start with a round of your spicy octopus fritters  and keep the cucumber-aloe water coming!  Gotta keep this princely skin hydrated.
Asami	 I thought it was going to be the three of us.
Mako	Sorry, but I couldn't ditch him. But he promised to be on his best behavior.
Wu	 Hey, pop into the Avatar State for me. I want to see your eyes glow.
Korra	 What? No! 
Asami	So can you go into the Avatar State again? I was worried when you told me you couldn't.
Mako	Wait, when did she tell you she couldn't?  What's going on with you two?
Korra	 I wrote to Asami while I was away. I asked her not to tell you. I'm sorry.
Mako	Well, why didn't you ever write to me? Or Bolin?
Korra	I don't know. I guess ... I didn't know what to say.
Mako	" ""Hello"" would have been nice."
Wu	Mako, if it makes you feel any better, she didn't write me either.
Mako	 Why would she ...  Never mind.
Korra	I'm sorry I didn't stay in touch, but I'm back now.  And I wanna know everything about what's been going on with you two.
Asami	Well, I kind of have some big news. I went to visit my father for the first time. He had been writing me letters and I guess I finally felt ready to try and forgive him.
Korra	You sure you can trust him? He might just be manipulating you again.
Asami	 You think I don't know what my own father is capable of?
Korra	 No, I didn't mean ...
Asami	 You don't get to disappear for three years and then act like you know what's best for me!
Korra	It's not like I planned to be gone for that long, I wanted to come back, but I never felt ready until now.
Wu	As much as I'm enjoying this little catch-up, my royal bladder is about to explode. Mako, come on, I need you to stand guard.
Mako	"I'm not gonna hold your hand every time you have to empty your ""royal bladder"". Go to the bathroom on your own for once."
Wu	 Fine. 
Korra	Do you always go to the bathroom with him?
Mako	I don't go with him, with him, I just stand there in the general vicinity while he ... I don't wanna talk about it.
Bathroom attendant	Good afternoon, Sir. Perhaps a spritz of cologne, to freshen up?
Wu	Make it a double, buddy!
Wu	 Mako, help! Wu ... down ... 
Bolin	I wish Pabu were here. He could just chew us out of this.
Varrick	You know who else has incisors sharp as a knife? Zhu Li ...
Ahnah	Well look what we caught. Wonder if they were tracking us after we escaped.
Bolin	Hello fellow travelers! I don't suppose you can help us out of this net?
Ahnah	Why would we free a couple of lowly Earth Empire soldiers?
Varrick	Lowly? We were part of Kuvira's inner circle!
Bolin	Were, not anymore! Please, just, let us out!
Baraz	I know just what to do with a couple of Kuvira's top men.
Mako	I wonder what's taking Wu so long. He's not one to miss out on lunch. I'll go check on him.
Mako	Wu, are you in here? Come on, your octopus fritters are getting cold.
Korra	I'll be right back. 
Korra	Excuse me, did you happen to see if Prince Wu came out this way?
Bathroom attendant	Sorry miss, I haven't seen him.
Wu	 Hmm, I'm in laundry ...
Korra	They've got Wu! Get the car, I'm going after them!
Asami	Get in!
Korra	We're losing them!
Mako	Hang a right at the next block. We can cut them off on Seventh.
Mako	You missed the turn! Where are you going?!
Asami	I know these streets better than you. I built some of them!
Mako	What are you doing? Sit down!
Korra	Where is he?
Korra	Wu's not here. This guy was the only one in the truck.
Mako	 Where's the prince?
Bathroom attendant	Halfway to Kuvira by now.  All hail the Great Uniter.
Asami	They must have moved Wu to a different vehicle when we lost sight of them.
Mako	 Take this guy in for booking. Charge him with kidnapping and tell Chief Beifong that Prince Wu is missing. Put out an all-points bulletin. We'll keep looking.
Asami	Where do we start? There are thousands of cars in the city and he could be in any one of them.
Mako	Or they might try smuggling him out on an airship.
Asami	Or maybe a boat.
Mako	He could be anywhere!  The one time I don't watch him pee and this is what happens.
Korra	 They're taking Wu to the train station!
Asami	Are you sure? How do you know?
Korra	 I'll explain on the way, just drive! We're running out of time!
Bolin	So how did a bunch of water and firebenders end up in one of Kuvira's reeducation camps?
Ahnah	 Call it what it is: a prison.
Baraz	Kuvira's been purging states of anyone who's not of Earth Kingdom origin and locking them up.
Bolin	 Purging?!
Baraz	"What are you acting so surprised for? You must have known what she was up to, being part of her ""inner circle"" and all."
Bolin	No, I swear! And the inner circle thing lasted like, less than a day!
Varrick	 Will you at least tell us where you're taking us?
Baraz	The border checkpoint. You're gonna help us talk our way past some Earth Empire soldiers.
Ahnah	And once we're through, we'll see about letting you go.
Varrick	 Lava time! Bet you didn't expect that!
Bolin	 Look, I'm sorry for what happened to all of you, but as I've been trying to explain, we don't work for Kuvira anymore.
Varrick	Yeah. If our handsome mugs get recognized trying to go through that checkpoint, we're goners!
Baraz	If you really are fugitives, you better listen up. We've been scouting this region for days. There's a wall stretching along the entire border and patrols guarding every part of it. That checkpoint is the only way out.
Ahnah	It's not worth the risk, Baraz. How do we know they won't turn us in?
Baraz	If he wanted us gone, we'd be at the bottom of a pool of lava right now. If any of us want to get out of the Earth Empire alive, we'll have to trust each other.
Bolin	 All right, where is this checkpoint?
Mako	 So, how do you know where Wu is just by touching some spirit vines?
Korra	I learned how to connect to people's energies through them.
Asami	Who taught you that?
Korra	Lin's mom.  I found her in the swamp, that place is like one giant spirit wild.
Asami	You met Toph? What was she like?
Korra	A cranky, more miserable version of Lin.
Mako	Is that even possible?
Korra	You'd be surprised.
Mako	Which train is Wu on?
Korra	I don't know!
Mako	Split up and start looking.
Bolin	 Follow my lead.
Guard post soldier	 Good afternoon, sir. Can we help you?
Bolin	You sure can. We captured these escaped prisoners. We need to get them to a secure facility.
Guard post soldier	Where did they escape from?
Bolin	Camp fourteen.
Guard post soldier	Then why are you bringing them through here? Camp fourteen is the other way.
Bolin	 You think we don't know where Camp fourteen is? Kuvira wants them transferred.
Guard post soldier	Then I'll need to see the transfer order.
Varrick	Listen pal! I had to fight off two badgermoles, six wolfbats and eighteen hog monkeys to capture these guys, so sorry if I don't have the paperwork! I was too busy cramming it in a hog monkey's mouth, while it was trying to eat me! I am in sore need of a shower and I have blisters that are the size of cantaloupes and twice as juicy! So you can let us through, or you can give us your name and rank and I'll make sure to pass it on to Kuvira! You know what happens to soldiers who question her orders, don't you? Bad stuff!
Guard post soldier	 Let them through!
Guard #2	Wait! Stop them, they're traitors to the Empire!
Baraz	There's no way I'm going back to prison!
Varrick	 Boy, I sure hope this works.
Varrick	 I still got that Varrick touch!  We're clear, come on!
Bolin	 Varrick, wait, we can't leave them!
Guard post soldier	Retreat!
Baraz	Thanks. You didn't have to come back.
Bolin	Yeah. I kind of did. Let's go!
Over the PA	The 4:15 bound for Omashu is now leaving on track number six. All aboard!
Asami	 If we don't find Wu soon, we might never find him.
Korra	 He's on that train!
Mako	How do you know for sure he's here?
Korra	I don't. But I had a feeling, okay?
Mako	"And I'm just supposed to trust your ""Avatar Feelings""?"
Korra	 You wouldn't have to if you had guarded the prince like you were supposed to.
Mako	 Oh, so it's my fault Wu disappeared.
Korra	It's certainly not mine!
Asami	Guys, shh. Listen.
Mako	 Wu! Wu, it's me.
Wu	 Mako? Where am I? Am I dead?
Mako	No, you're on a train. We're gonna get you out of here.
Korra	Everyone out.
Wu	I'm not going up there.
Korra	Jump!
Mako	You all right?
Wu	 Yes! Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you.  You are definitely getting a raise, Buddy.
Mako	You should be thanking Korra. We never would have found you with out her.
Wu	 I owe you my life, Avatar. If only there was some way to repay you. Oh, I know.  How about I take you out for a night on the town?
Korra	 Really? You're asking me out right now?
Wu	" So ... I put you down for a ""maybe""? "
Korra	How about a never?
Korra	Not exactly what I imagined for our first day back together.
Asami	But it was kind of like old times.  Except for the getting on each other's nerves part.
Mako	Actually, that is like old times for me and Korra.
Korra	I'm sorry things got so tense earlier.
Asami	It's all right. I guess after being apart for three years, there's bound to be a bit of an adjustment period.
Mako	Yeah, but it's great to have you back.
Korra	There's no place else I'd rather be.
Wu	You guys are the greatest friends a guy could have.
Korra	So, what are we gonna do with him? It's too dangerous to take him back to the hotel.
Wu	Whoo! You're telling me! I need a cushy safe house somewhere.
Mako	I think I know just the place.
Wu	 Nice digs, Mako. You didn't tell me you came from money.
Mako	I don't. This is Asami's place. She was nice enough to let my family stay here after they fled Ba Sing Se.
Yin	Mako! It's so wonderful to--  Are you ...
Mako	Grandma, this is Prince Wu. He needs to stay with you and the family for a little while.
Wu	It's an honor, Grandma Mako.
Mako	She loves royalty.
Wu	 I think I'll fit right in here.  Thanks for looking out for me, Mako.  Now where's the nearest bathroom? I have been holding it all day! 
Bolin	I know it might not mean much coming from a guy wearing this uniform,  but I'd like to apologize for what Kuvira's put you through.
Baraz	 I appreciate that.
Bolin	Guess this is where we part ways.
Varrick	 It's been a blast!
Ahnah	We're heading north too. Why don't you come with us? It's the least we could do after you saved our necks.
Varrick	 On that hunk of junk? No thanks. I'm allergic to drowning.  I mean, uh, we'd love a lift!
Baatar Jr.	This area is overrun with spirit vines.  And they appear to be even more powerful than the samples we took from Republic City.
Kuvira	Perfect. Harvest the vines until there's nothing left.
