Shiro Shinobi	 The Red Lotus is the world's newest threat. After confronting Zaheer, Korra learned that he is part of a secret society whose mission is to take out all the nations' leaders and destroy world order. But before Korra could warn anyone, she and Asami were apprehended by the Earth Queen's forces. And the Red Lotus have Mako and Bolin. Now both parties are headed toward Ba Sing Se.
Korra	 You have to let me out! The Earth Queen is in danger from a group of terrorists calling themselves the Red Lotus.  I talked to one of them in the Spirit World yesterday. He's insane!
Captain	 Screaming about terrorists in the Spirit World? You're the one who sounds insane. 
Asami	 Do I have to be chained to the floor the whole way? It's going to be so uncomfortable.
Arik	 Sorry Ma'am, I'm under orders.
Asami	Can't you just chain me to that railing?  I mean, where am I gonna go?  Please?
Arik	Well, as long as you're chained up, I guess it doesn't make a difference. 
Asami	Thank you, Sir.
Korra	Can I have ... some water?
Arik	No water. We're also not going to bring you any rocks or fire, so don't ask. I guess there's air, but there's nothing we can do about that. We're not opening your compartment 'til we reach Ba Sing Se. 
Korra	I hoped Mako or Bolin would have shown up to save us by now. I wonder if they're okay.
Mako	 If you think  holding us hostage will give you some leverage against the Avatar, you're gonna be very disappointed.
Ming-Hua	Can't we just enjoy our time together in silence?
Mako	And why did you need Korra alive back in Zaofu? You had her paralyzed. Why didn't you just take her out when you had the chance?
Ghazan	Look, all you need to know is that the world is about to change, for the better.
Bolin	So you guys were like locked up for fifteen years, huh? It must've been like crazy boring.
Ghazan	Actually, it was only thirteen years. But it felt like thirty.
Bolin	I mean, what did you do with all that time? Did you sing songs, work on crafts?
Ming-Hua	Not a lot of craft supplies in a volcanic prison cell.
Ghazan	And I must've renamed the constellations about a thousand times. When it rained, that was a big event.
Ming-Hua	 I would've killed for some rain. Mostly I just made up stories about the guards: who was having trouble with his girlfriend; which one secretly wished he'd become a pastry chef.
Bolin	Ooh okay, that sounds like fun. Let me try that on you guys.  You were raised by an older sister, your mustache grew in when you were ten and I'm sensing - just sensing - an unspoken attraction between you two.
Ghazan	 Two out of three. Not bad.
Mako	Bolin, would you stop making friends with the bad guys?
Bolin	Sorry!
Zaheer	Ghazan, gag those two. We're almost there.
Korra	We have to find a way to get out of this prison before we get to the Earth Queen.
Asami	Don't worry, I have a plan. These airships the Cabbage Corp sold to the Earth Kingdom are way cheaper than the ones Future Industries built.
Asami	Now that's just shoddy workmanship.  There's no way I can get these locks off. I need the keys.  Give me five minutes, then start yelling for help.
Hou-Ting	When is the Avatar scheduled for delivery?
Gun	The airship already left Fort Bosco and should be arriving in a few hours.
Hou-Ting	Excellent. Bring it to me as soon as it lands.
Gun	Yes, Your Majesty. But first there are some ... people here who captured two of the Avatar's friends. They would like to present them to you personally.
Hou-Ting	You know I don't meet with bounty hunters.
Gun	And of course I told them that. But they say they have some information that might interest you; about the location of your stolen airbenders.
Hou-Ting	Really?  Fine, send them in.  Ah, yes, I remember these two. We'll find an acceptable home for you in prison, with the rest of the dissidents.  Now, I'm told you have some information for me. I hope this isn't just some ruse to increase your bounty.
Zaheer	"We don't want any bounty, Your Majesty. You can consider these two a ""thank you"" gift for simply taking the time to talk to us."
Hou-Ting	How very magnanimous. So, where are my airbenders?
Zaheer	I'd be happy to tell you, once you hand the Avatar over to me.
Hou-Ting	 Who told you that we have the Avatar?!
Zaheer	How I know is not important. But if I found out, others will too. And that could put you in a difficult position.
Hou-Ting	Is that so?
Zaheer	Your Majesty, imprisoning the Avatar will cause the other nations to turn against you and demand her freedom. Before long, we'd be in the midst of a sticky international incident. If you let me take her today, no one need ever know she was here, and you can get your airbenders back without interference. We both win.
Hou-Ting	And what do you plan to do with the Avatar should I see fit to grant your request.
Zaheer	All I can say is: I have business with her. But she won't be bothering you again. I can assure you of that. 
Hou-Ting	 I find these terms agreeable. Gun, escort them to the antechamber until the Avatar's arrival.  Send these two to the dungeon. 
Korra	Guards!  Get in here!  Something happened to my friend. She needs help.
Arik	 Where is she?
Korra	Nice work. Now let's take control of the ship.
Captain	Mayday! Mayday! The Avatar has escaped. We're going down in quadrant four of the Si Wong Desert.
Asami	I think you might have been a little over-aggressive with the airbending. The controls are busted.  Also, you broke the radio.
Korra	Sorry, but it's not my fault this airship's a hunk of junk.
Asami	 Hang on to something! 
Asami	Well. They say any landing you could walk away from is a good landing.  But, given our location, I'm not so sure about that.
Korra	You're the engineer. What do you think? Can we get flying again?
Asami	It doesn't look good. Even if you metalbend the propellers back into shape, we have to dig this whole thing out of the sand.
Korra	 Is everyone all right?
Arik	Like you care.
Kong	What the heck happened?
Arik	She said her friend needed help, then they knocked me out!
Korra	I'm sorry. But I couldn't let you take me to the Earth Queen as a captive. There are dangerous forces at work that you don't know anything about.
Kong	More dangerous than being stranded in the desert?
Captain	 Don't worry, Kong. I've radioed Ba Sing Se before we went down. We just need to sit tight. Somebody will be here to rescue us.
Korra	I'm not waiting around for that. We need to get out of here now.
Asami	If we all work together, we might be able to get the ship up and running.
Kong	Not likely. I just tunneled out the engine room. It's like a sandbox in there.
Captain	This ship isn't going anywhere. And neither are you. You're prisoners and it's our duty to transport you to the Earth Queen.
Korra	 You realize that I'm the Avatar, right?  You don't want to fight me.
Captain	I'm afraid you aren't giving us much of a choice. We have our orders.
Asami	 Wait, did that sand dune just move?
Captain	It was probably just a mirage. The desert will play tricks on you.
Asami	 That's no mirage. Look.
Kong	I heard that since all the spirits came back, this desert has been haunted by them.
Korra	 Oh right, so I guess that's my fault too. Do you want to help us get this ship up and running, or do you want to wait around and meet that thing?
Kong	We want to fix the ship. Right, Cap? 
Captain	Let's get to work.
Korra	Everybody stand back.
Mako	We have to find a way out of here before Zaheer gets his hands on Korra.
Prisoner	 Take me with you. I haven't seen my wife and five kids for four years.
Bolin	Four years?
Prisoner	 The first few months were great, I-I could finally get some sleep, but ...  now I really miss them.
Mako	 Listen. Bolin, this is up to you. I know you can metalbend.
Prisoner	You can metalbend?
Bolin	No.
Mako	Yes you can. I believe in you.
Prisoner	I believe in you too, Bolin.
Bolin	I appreciate that, Mako, and fellow ... prisoner man. But I've been trying and trying and trying and I've never been able to do it. Not even a little.
Mako	You've always had the ability deep down. You just haven't had the motivation. But this is your time! Get us out of here to save Korra. You can do it!  Bolin! Bolin!
Other prisoners	Bolin! Bolin! Bolin! Bolin!
Bolin	You're right.  Okay, here I go. Metalbending.  I can't metalbend.
Other prisoners	Aww! 
Prisoner	Hey, you guys didn't happen to bring any toilet paper, do you?
Lin	First, you scare the life out of me, now you want to lick me.
Lin	 Here, chew on this  and leave me alone.  Tonraq, you read me?
Tonraq	Yes, we copy.
Lin	I've found Korra's jeep, but the kids aren't here. Meet me at the Misty Palms Oasis.
Asami	How's it looking in there?
Korra	I just airbent all the sand out of the engine room. I think it's clean.
Kong	Hasn't been this clean since it floated off the showroom floor.
Korra	How's it going out here?
Asami	Well, she's still pretty banged up, but I think she might be able to limp out of the desert. Kong, you want to see if you can get the engine started?
Kong	Aye aye!
Arik	All right!
Korra	That's no spirit!  I think it's gone now.
Arik	Kong, are you all right? What are we going to do? All of our supplies were on the ship. We've got no food, no water.
Captain	Easy, Arik. Another ship is on the way. We just need to hold our position for a few hours.
Asami	We might not have a few hours.
Korra	How far are we from the edge of the desert?
Captain	Too far to walk, if that's what you're thinking.
Arik	 We can't just wait around to for that thing to pick us off one by one!
Captain	You'll do as you're told, Airman. Now get a hold of yourself!
Asami	 Maybe we can still build something to get us all out of here.
Captain	 You want to make some wings out of scrap metal and flap real hard?
Asami	No, but we might have enough material to construct a makeshift sand-sailer. Like the sandbenders use to get around. All we need is a sail and some kind of sled to attach it to.
Korra	It's worth a try.
Captain	Gather every piece of metal you can find. We'll give that sandy beast a run for his money yet.
Zaheer	Looks like he's in hurry. Wait here.
Dai Li agent	Your Majesty, we received a distress signal from the airship carrying the prisoners. We believed the ship crashed in the Si Wong desert and the Avatar may have escaped.
Hou-Ting	 This is outrageous! Send another airship to retrieve the Avatar immediately.
Dai Li agent	It's already on its way, Your Majesty.
Ming-Hua	What are we going to do now?
Ghazan	There's no way we can track her down in the desert before the queen gets to her.
P'Li	You really think we'd be lucky enough to capture her again? She'll be long gone by the time they arrive.
Zaheer	It doesn't matter. We're through chasing her. It's time to make her come to us.
Hou-Ting	What is this riff-raff doing in my throne room unannounced?
Zaheer	Apologies, Your Majesty. But I couldn't help overhearing that the Avatar won't be joining us today.
Hou-Ting	The Avatar is still in my custody. However, eavesdropping on royal conversations will land you in a cell right next to those boys you brought in. Now, if you value your freedom, you'll tell me where the airbenders are right now!
Zaheer	That wasn't the deal.
Hou-Ting	I will not bandy words with bounty hunters!  Seize these hoodlums and throw them in prison until they decide to show proper respect for the crown!
Hou-Ting	Gun! Get in back here and lay down your life for your queen, you coward!  You wouldn't dare attack a queen!
Zaheer	 Maybe I forgot to mention something to you. I don't believe in queens.  You think freedom is something that you can give or take on a whim ...  To your people ... freedom is just as essential as ... air. And without it ... there is no life.  There is only ... darkness.
Radio operator	Hey! You can't be in here!
Zaheer	No need for alarm. I just need to make an announcement to the entire city. How do I do that?
Radio operator	Who do you think you are?
Ming-Hua	 He's the man who just took down the Earth Queen. You want to be next?!
Zaheer	Ming-Hua, please. We're here to help citizens like him, not hurt them.  Now, can you help me?
Zaheer	Attention citizens of Ba Sing Se. I have an important announcement to make.  Moments ago, the Earth Queen was brought down by the hands of revolutionaries,  including myself. I'm not going to tell you my name, because my identity is not important.  I'm not here to take over the Earth Kingdom. I think you've had enough of leaders telling you what to do. It's time for you to find your own path. No longer will you be oppressed by tyrants. From now on, you are free!  I deliver Ba Sing Se be into the hands of the people!
Mako	We have to get out of here, Bolin. Zaheer came here to take out the Earth Queen, and now Korra is next.
Prisoner	You know that guy? He's my hero!
Mako	Shut up!  You have to metalbend us out of here. C'mon! I know you can do it! This is your time!
Bolin	"You said before ""was my time""."
Mako	I know I did it, but now it's really your time.  Do it!
Bolin	Did you see that? I did it! I mean, not for us, but I metalbent all the other cells open!
Mako	 I don't think that was you.
Zaheer	Listen to me. I'm going to set you free, but I want to talk to you first. I have a message that I need you to take to Korra.
Asami	She ain't pretty, but I think she'll do the job.
Korra	 No time for a test run. Let's move!
Arik	I think he's gone. We did it!
Asami	You want to buy a slightly used sand-sailer?
Captain	Thanks, Asami. You got a good head on your shoulders.
Korra	I'm sorry for getting us stranded out there. I didn't mean for that to happen.
Captain	You know, whatever the conflict between you and the queen is, I'm sure it's above my pay grade.  You've got a tough job. Good luck, Avatar. 
Arik	Captain, have we been in the desert for too long? Or is that really a dragon over there?
Captain	Ugh, let's go get a drink.
Korra	Dhaaah!  Easy, girl. Did you think we weren't coming back to you? 
Korra	 What are you all doing here?
Tonraq	Korra, you're safe. 
Korra	Yeah, we made it out of the desert. Thanks to Asami. 
Tonraq	Do you remember Lord Zuko?
Zuko	I met you when you were a very young girl. It's good to see you again, Avatar Korra.
Korra	It's good to see you, Lord Zuko.
Lin	 Thanks for ditching me back at Zaofu.
Korra	Yeah, sorry about that. But, how did you all find us?
Lin	I am a detective, you know.
Asami	Did you find Mako and Bolin?
Lin	Some people at the inn saw them captured by Zaheer's crew. We don't know where they are.
Tonraq	Did you hear about the Earth Queen?
Korra	What about her?
Radio	Once again, the Earth Queen's reign has come to an abrupt and violent end. Ba Sing Se has descended into chaos. Rioters and looters have overrun the palace.
Korra	The Red Lotus.
Tonraq	What's that?
Korra	The name of the group that's been trying to capture me and just took out the Earth Queen. I'm afraid this is only the beginning, Dad.
