Shiro Shinobi	 Amon's revolution grows stronger by the day. First, he attacked the bending arena! Then it was discovered that Hiroshi Sato was the mastermind behind the Equalist gloves and mecha tanks! And most recently, Amon ambushed Councilman Tarrlok, took his bending, and nearly captured the Avatar as well! Everyone is on edge, wondering where will Amon strike next?
Jinora	 Daddy, you're home. We waited up for you. Is Korra okay?
Tenzin	Yes, she's fine, sweetie. 
Ikki	I was scared. I thought she wasn't coming back.
Tenzin	 I'm sorry you were scared, but everything is going to be fine now. I promise.
Korra	Mmm. Mmm. The food tastes amazing, Pema. I'm finally starting to feel like myself again.
Pema	 We're so thankful you're home safe.
Asami	 Let me help.
Tenzin	Korra, I realize you've been through a lot, but I need to know everything that happened.
Korra	Well, first off, Tarrlok isn't who he says he is. He's Yakone's son. 
Lin	It all makes sense now. That's how Tarrlok was able to bloodbend us without a full moon.
Tenzin	But how did you escape? And where's Tarrlok?
Korra	Amon captured him,  and took his bending.
Tenzin	 What?
Korra	Yeah, he showed up out of nowhere. He almost got me, too.
Tenzin	This is very disturbing news. Amon is becoming emboldened. Taking out a councilman, almost capturing the Avatar ... I fear Amon is entering his endgame.
Asami	 Pema, are you all right?
Pema	The baby is ... just kicking, really hard, is all. I'm fine.
Asami	 Should I get Tenzin?
Pema	No reason to worry him, it's nothing.
Mako	Can I get some hot water? Korra needs more tea.
Asami	 You're a firebender. Boil it yourself.
Pema	 I'm- gonna step out in case you two want to talk. 
Mako	 Is there something we need to talk about?
Asami	I've noticed how you treat Korra. How you acted when she was missing.  You have feelings for her, don't you?
Mako	 What? No! She was taken by a crazy bloodbender! How did you expect me to act?
Asami	 I like Korra.  But you've been keeping the truth from me this whole time.
Mako	 The truth? About what?
Asami	 You're really going to make me say it?
Mako	Yes! Because I don't know what you're talking about!
Asami	The kiss, Mako.  I know.
Mako	 I- Well I-  Bolin told you, didn't he?!
Asami	 Don't blame your brother for what you did. Do you have feelings for Korra or not?
Mako	Look, things are crazy right now. Can we deal with our relationship problems later? 
Asami	 Well there might not be any relationship to worry about later. 
Mako	Asami! 
Tenzin	Lin, um, I, I- I need to ask you a favor. It would mean the world to me ... but I-I know it could be a- a potentially awkward situation; furthermore, - 
Lin	Spit it out already!
Tenzin	Will you stay here and watch over Pema and the children while I meet with the council? With everything that has happened lately, I want to be sure my family is in safe hands.
Lin	 Of course I'll help, old friend.
Pema	 I didn't realize you two were out here.
Tenzin	Pema! Ye- yes- yes, Lin has agreed to help out around here and keep an eye on things while I'm away.
Pema	Thank you! I could use the extra pair of hands.  Would you mind giving him a bath? He's filthy.
Lin	 This is not what I signed on for!
Tenzin	Thank you, Lin! Oogi, yip yip.
Meelo	I gotta poo!  Really bad!
Councilwoman	Do you know where my keys are? I can't find them anywhere!
Husband	 No, dear.
Councilwoman	 Oh, found them!
Husband	 Good, dear.
Councilwoman	Don't wait up for me; this council session will probably go late into the night. 
Husband	 The door, dear.
Lieutenant	We're here to fix a spider-rat problem. 
Councilwoman	I didn't call an exterminator.
Husband	 Dear?
Council page	Aah!  Ah, I'm so relieved to see you!
Tenzin	The other council members. Are they all right?
Council page	 I'm afraid not! I just received a call from Chief Saikhan. They've all been captured!
Tenzin	This can't be happening.
Council page	 The leadership of Republic City is in your hands now.
Council page	 It is a tragic day indeed!
Lin	All right, kids, time to go inside.
Korra	We heard explosions, what's going on?
Lin	Republic City is under attack.
Hiroshi Sato	I've dreamed of this day for so long.
Amon	Yes, the time has come for the Equalists to claim Republic City as their own.
Asami	Where did you say you parked the car?
Korra	It's right around here somewhere.  There it is.
Asami	 Wow, nice parking job.
Korra	Hey, you guys got arrested and left me alone with the car! I made it very clear I don't know how to drive.
Bolin	All things considered you did a great job!  But how are we going to pay for all these parking tickets?
Mako	 Relax, the city is under attack. The police have more important things to worry about.
Asami	 This'll come in handy.  Why don't you sit in back? With Korra.
Mako	I think I will. 
Korra	Everything all right?
Mako	 Yeah, everything is terrific ...
Bolin	 Car! Oh, we're good.
Male telegraph operator #1	 Chief! Air unit seven was just taken out by an Equalist airship. They've crashed into the harbor!
Saikhan	Send a river rescue unit.
Female telegraph operator	Chief, all the river rescue ships have been sabotaged!
Saikhan	What?
Tenzin	 Chief Saikhan.
Saikhan	Tenzin, am I glad to see you. I was afraid you'd been captured too.
Tenzin	I'm the only Council member left. What's the status?
Saikhan	Amon has launched simultaneous attacks across the boroughs. The police are trying to regain control but we're spread too thin.
Tenzin	 I need to send a wire.
Male telegraph operator #2	To whom, Councilman?
Tenzin	The general of the United Forces.
Male telegraph operator #2	Councilman, your wire has been sent.
Female telegraph operator	Chief, the phone lines just went dead!
Saikhan	Catch. 
Tenzin	Saikhan, the vents.  We need to evacuate immediately. Everyone stay close to me.
Tenzin	Not these mecha tanks again!
Tenzin	Saikhan, no!
Asami	Jump!
Tenzin	 Thank you.
Hiroshi	 Tenzin has escaped once again. I can't stand to see Asami fighting alongside those benders.
Amon	We'll capture them before long and you will have your daughter back.
Korra	Are you all right?
Tenzin	I'm fine. Thank you, kids. Another moment later and I would have been on my way to Amon.
Mako	Uh, guys ... look.
Tenzin	Oh no.
Lin	"Everyone, hide inside and remain calm.  Pull it together, Pema! Didn't I just say ""remain calm""?"
Ikki	 Mommy, what's wrong?
Pema	 The baby's coming!
Jinora	 Oh no!
Meelo	Not now, baby!
Pema	The children, where are they?
Air Acolyte woman	Don't worry. They're in the other room, totally safe.
Jinora	 Stay away from my dad's ex-girlfriend! 
Lin	Jinora! You shouldn't be out here!
Ikki	 Get off our island! 
Lin	Girls! You need to go back inside this instant!
Meelo	Taste my fury! 
Lin	Meelo! Be careful!
Lin	Never mind.
Lin	 Take these Equalists and lock them in the temple's basement!  Nice work, kids. 
Jinora	Dad!
Tenzin	Oh, thank goodness you're all right!
Meelo	 We caught the bad guys.
Tenzin	 You let them fight? Do you realize what could have happened?
Lin	I would have been toast if it weren't for your kids.  You should be proud. You taught them well.  Go on, be with your wife.
Tenzin	Pema! 
Pema	Tenzin.
Tenzin	 I'm here, Pema.
Pema	Our new son. 
Tenzin	 Hello.  Come, meet your new brother.
Meelo	 A brother? Well it's about time!
Ikki	 Welcome, I'm Ikki, and this is Jinora and Meelo. We have a super great family and we're so happy that you're a part of it.
Jinora	What're you gonna name him?  Can I pick?
Pema	We already chose a name. 
Tenzin	Rohan.
Korra	 I'm so sorry to interrupt, but more airships are coming.
Ikki	 Everything's not gonna be fine, is it, Daddy?
Korra	What do you want to do, Tenzin?
Tenzin	 I need to protect my family, and get them as far away from this conflict as possible. If Amon got his hands on my children ... I hate to even think of it.
Lin	If you're leaving, then I'm going with you.
Tenzin	But-
Lin	No arguments. You and your family are the last airbenders. There's no way in the world I'm letting Amon take your bending away.
Tenzin	Thank you, Lin. Korra, I want you to leave this island and hide for the time being.
Korra	 I'm not giving up.
Tenzin	I'm not asking you to. I sent word to the United Forces. They will be here soon. And once my family is safe, I will return. With the reinforcements, we can turn the tide in this war.
Korra	What you're saying is, we need to be patient. 
Tenzin	 You're learning well.  Stay safe, Korra.
Korra	You too.
Lin	Tenzin, if we're leaving, we'd better do it now.
Tenzin	 Oogi, yip yip!
White Lotus sentry #1	Go! We'll hold them off!
Korra	 Everyone, climb on!  Let's go, girl!
Bolin	Mustache guy!
Korra	Nice one, Naga!
Lin	 They're gaining on us!
Tenzin	 Faster, Oogi!
Lin	Whatever happens to me, don't turn back!
Tenzin	 Lin, what are you doing?!
Meelo	That lady is my hero.
Tenzin	 Yes, she is.
Mako	Korra, we should get moving.
Amon	Tell me where the Avatar is and I'll let you keep your bending.
Lin	 I won't tell you anything, you monster.
Amon	Very well. 
Messenger	General, I just received a wire from the Avatar. She says Amon and his forces have gained control of the city. How do you want to respond?
Iroh	Tell her we will be arriving in three days' time. And that I look forward to winning back Republic City, together.
Messenger	 As you wish, General Iroh. 
