Korra	[Opening the door and walking away as the man hurriedly enters, groaning.] Knock yourself out. [He slams the door behind her.]
Korra	Huh?
Korra	You again.
Korra	 Leave me alone!
Woman	[Frontal shot of Korra; she turn toward the woman addressing her, beads of sweat running down the side of her head.] Young lady, are you all right? [Side shot of the crowd as Korra gets on her feet.] Can I take you to a doctor?
Korra	 No, I-I don't need any help.
Bolin	 Now don't take this the wrong way, but, I can't wait for you to leave!
Mako	 How else is she supposed to take that but the wrong way?
Bolin	 I mean, because I've never had a pen pal before!  I'm gonna write so many letters and, just to get the ball rolling, here.  Spoiler alert: Pabu and I already miss you.
Korra	 Thanks. That's sweet.
Asami	 Are you sure you don't want some company in the Southern Water Tribe? I'm happy to come with you.
Korra	 No ... I appreciate it, but I'll only be gone a couple of weeks.  A little time alone will be good for me.
Tenzin	 Now, I don't want you to worry about a thing while you're gone. Your recovery should be your number one concern.  Jinora, the airbenders, and I have everything under control.
Asami	Bye, Korra!
Mako	Get better soon!
Bolin	Don't forget to write!
Senna	 Can't sleep again?  Honey, your father and I have tried to give you as much space as you've needed, but we're worried.  You're not sleeping, you're barely eating. We don't want to push you, but it's been three weeks.  Will you please go see Katara?
Korra	 All right ... I'll go.
Senna	You're going to get through this.  I love you so much. 
Katara	The poison did a lot of internal damage.
Korra	 Can you fix it?
Katara	I can help guide your healing process,  but whether you get better or not,  is up to you.
Katara	I know what it's like to go through a traumatic experience.  And I promise you, if you dedicate yourself to getting better, you'll recover,  stronger than ever.
Korra	 That's what I want.  More than anything!
Katara	Then try something for me. Concentrate  on your big toe.  Visualize it moving.  Breathe.
Korra	 Did you see that?  It worked!
Katara	The mind can be a powerful ally,  or your greatest enemy.  Now, I want you to try  taking a step.
Katara	You're okay.  Your body thinks it is still in danger, but you're safe here.  Use your mind to overcome the pain. Try again.
Korra	 I'm done for today.
Asami	 Dear Korra. I miss you. It's not the same in Republic City without you. How are you feeling?  Things are going well here. I just got a big contract to help redesign the city's infrastructure, so I'll be keeping pretty busy for a while.
Mako	 Hey, Korra! Sooo, I'm not very good at writing letters. It's 2:15 in the afternoon. Weather is fair. Chance of snow showers later today. But enough joking around.  I hope you're dong well. Me? I'm back on the beat. Beifong has me staking out the Red Monsoon hideout. You won't believe what's going down.
Bolin	 My dearest Avatar Korra. Though several fortnights have passed since your departure to convalesce in the homeland of your tribesmen, I feel our friendship knows neither time ... nor distance.
Bolin	 You will be most pleased to learn that I found gainful employment with Sir Varrick and the Lady Kuvira. I set off on the morrow with some trepidation,  but I am eager to offer any aid I can in stabilizing the Earth Kingdom!
Katara	 Whenever you're ready.
Korra	 What's the point? We've been at this for almost six months and I can still barely take a couple of steps without collapsing!
Katara	I know you're frustrated, but—
Korra	Of course I'm frustrated! A crazy man poisoned me and now I can't dress myself, or cook for myself, o-or do anything for myself! And this whole time, my friends have been off helping the world while I'm stuck with you and you can't even heal me!
Korra	 That came out wrong.
Katara	It's ... all right.  Let your anger and frustration flow like water.
Korra	 I am trying to understand why this happened to me,  but nothing makes any sense!  I'm tired, Katara. I'm so tired.
Katara	 Korra, I know you feel alone right now. But you're not the first Avatar who's had to overcome great suffering.  Can you imagine how much pain Aang felt when he learned that his entire culture was taken from him?
Korra	 That ... must have been so awful.
Katara	 But he never let it destroy his spirit.  He chose to find meaning in his suffering and eventually ... found peace.
Korra	And ... what am I going to find if I ... get through this?
Katara	I don't know.  But won't it be interesting to find out?
Katara	Close your eyes. Visualize yourself walking over to Naga.  Can you see it?
Korra	 Yes.
Katara	Now ...  take that first step.
Korra	 Where'd you come from, little cutie?
Korra	 You can see her, too?
Korra	 If you can see her too,  maybe I'm not going crazy.
Korra	 How'd you do that?
Korra	 You want me to follow you?
Korra	All right. Let's see what I find.
Korra	It's so good to see you!
Tenzin	 How have you been, Korra? You look great!
Korra	I feel great!  Come on, I want to show you how much better I'm doing.
Korra	 Attack! I can take it!
Tenzin	 All right! The sparring match is over!
Korra	 I thought I was ready.
Tenzin	 There is no shame in taking the time you need to make a full recovery.  Being the Avatar can wait.
Korra	 But what about the Earth Kingdom? I hear it's still a mess out there.
Tenzin	The situation has been stabilizing since Kuvira took charge.
Korra	But that should be me out there fixing things, not her.
Tenzin	I know you want to help. But trust me, everyone has this under control. I just think you need to ...
Korra	" If you say, ""be patient"", I swear I'm gonna water-smack you in the mouth!"
Tenzin	 Nooo ... I was going to say, you need to ... not worry about the future. Be grateful for where you are now and the progress you've made.
Korra	 Dear Asami, I'm sorry I haven't written to you sooner, but every time I've tried, I never know what to say.  The past two years have been the hardest of my life. Even though I can get around fine now, I still can't go into the Avatar State. I keep having visions of Zaheer and what happened that day.  Katara thinks a lot of this is in my head, so I've been meditating a lot, but sometimes I worry I'll never fully recover.  Please don't tell Mako and Bolin I wrote to you and not them. I don't want to hurt their feelings, but it's easier to tell you about this stuff.  I don't think they'd understand.
Senna	Everything all right, sweetie?
Korra	 There's something I need to tell you both.
Tonraq	What is it?
Korra	I want to go back to Republic City.
Senna	Are you sure?
Korra	I know I'm not a hundred percent yet, but I feel like I've hit a wall. I need to be where the action is,  where my friends are.
Tonraq	 I'll have the White Lotus prepare a boat and they can take you back to Republic City as soon as you're ready.
Korra	 No, I want to go alone and have some time to clear my head. It'll be good for me.
Korra	Two lobster crabs, please.
Fishmonger	 Why, you're the Avatar, ain'tcha?
Korra	 Yup, that's me.
Fishmonger	" I can't believe it! Mind if I took a picture for my ""Wall of Avatars""?"
Korra	 Well, uhm, I'm kind of in a hurry.
Fishmonger	" I-it'll only take a second!  Avatar Aang was a big fan of my seaweed wraps, you know, so,  I named 'em ""Aang Rolls""!  Now they're my biggest seller! And they ain't even got fish in 'em!  Now, smile!"
Fishmonger	But if I coulda met any Avatar,  I'd have to pick Kyoshi. Taking down a shark squid with one hand! Now that's a lady I'd like to get to know!
Vendor	 Thieves! Get back here!
Fishmonger	 Oh, don't worry, the Avatar's right here!  Well, what are you waiting for?  Go get 'em!
Korra	Hand over the bags or else.
Vendor	 You sure she's the Avatar?
Skeptical spirit	[Skeptically.] You sure? I don't sense any Raava energy around her. Besides, she's not dressed like the Avatar. And, doesn't the Avatar have ponytails?
Korra	 Do you mind? I'm trying to concentrate here. And yes, I am the Avatar. I'm just wearing different clothes and I cut my hair.
Korra	I was hurt pretty bad a while ago and lost touch with my Avatar Spirit.
Korra	I came to the Tree of Time hoping to reconnect with Raava and turn on the Avatar State again. But it's not working. [She continues as the light spirit climbs onto her lap.] The last time I was here, I saw all sorts of visions. [Quietly.] Now I don't see anything.
Korra	[Lifts the spirit off her lap and stands up.] I'm sorry, but for years, people have been saying they can help me get better. [Starts walking away.] Nothing's worked. [Stops at the exit of the Tree of Time's hollow and looks back over her shoulder.] I need to figure this out on my own.
Korra	 Dear Mom and Dad,  I arrived in Republic City a couple weeks ago and couldn't be happier. It's nice to be back at the temple and it's great to see my friends again.  Don't worry, I'm taking it easy, but hopefully I'll be back in action soon. I miss you both very much. Please, give Naga a big hug for me. Love, Korra.  Raava?  Raava!
Korra	 I am ending this.
Korra	Excuse me. Who do I talk to about getting in the ring?
Korra	Is that all you got?
Korra	[Mildly confused.] Why did you bring me to the swamp? [She slides down a small hill, still following the puppy, and as they pass a tree at the entrance to the swamp, the puppy, in a flash of light, transforms into the light spirit. Korra realizes.] Wait, I met you at the Tree of Time. [Stronger voice.] You should have told me who you were.
Korra	[Relenting.] I get your point. But why did you bring me here? What am I gonna find in the swamp?
Korra	[Panicking.] No, wait! [She rushes forward, charging through the vines.] Come back!
Korra	 You're just in my mind. You're not real.
Korra	Help!
Korra	Where am I? Wha-what happened?
Korra	How'd you know I was out there?
Korra	A spirit led me here and told me I was supposed to find someone. Is that you?
Korra	"[Catching the word ""Avatar"".] Wait, you recognize me?"
Korra	[Astonished; whispering.] I can't believe it ... Toph?
Toph	 Nice to see you again, Twinkle Toes.
