Tenzin	Earth.  Fire.  Air.  Water.  When I was a boy, my father, Avatar Aang, told me the story of how he and his friends heroically ended the Hundred Year War.  Avatar Aang and Fire Lord Zuko  transformed the Fire Nation colonies into the United Republic of Nations,  a society where benders and nonbenders from all over the world could live and thrive together in peace and harmony.  They named the capital of this great land, Republic City.  Avatar Aang accomplished many remarkable things in his life.  But sadly, his time in this world came to an end. And like the cycle of the seasons, the cycle of the Avatar began anew. 
Tonraq	The White Lotus has honored my family by coming.  Thank you.
Senna	 Welcome.
Senna	[Happily.] Then you should be happy to know, your search has come to an end. [Her husband nods in agreement.]
Senna	Korra! Please come in here!
Korra	 I'm the Avatar! You gotta deal with it!
Katara	 She's strong.
Korra	[Raising her hands in triumph.] Woohoo! [Cut to a shot of the unfazed spectators. An overview shot shows Korra running up to them.] Hey, why all the doom and gloom, people? [Frontal shot as she removes her helmet. One of her opponents recovers slowly in the background.] We should be celebrating! [Confidently raises three fingers.] Three elements down, [Holds one finger up.] one to go!
White Lotus leader	Ever since you were a little girl, you've excelled at the physical side of bending, but completely ignored the spiritual side. [Side shot of a bored Korra.] The Avatar must master both.
Korra	 I haven't ignored it, it just doesn't come as easy to me.  But that's why I should start training with Tenzin immediately.  He's Mister Spiritual.
Katara	[Frontal view of the elders; Katara smiles.] Yes. If anyone can teach her what she needs to learn, it's Tenzin.
Korra	[Jumps up, turning around her axis, in happiness and excitement.] Yes! Finally! [Realizing the elders are watching her, some of them with a dismayed expression, her look changes to a serious one.] I mean, [Clears throat and respectfully clasps her hands together and bows.] thank you all for believing in me.
Korra	 Naga, you should have seen it!  I kicked some firebender butt, and I passed!  Tenzin will be here in a few days.
Korra	 Just taking Naga out for a stroll.  Don't worry, we're not going far.
Korra	Naga, go!  That a girl. Go! Go! Go!
Ikki	 Are we there yet? Are we there yet? Are we there yet?  It looks like we're there.  I know it, this is very familiar! Are we here yet? Are we here yet? Ooh, please tell me we're here!
Tenzin	 Yes, Ikki,  as I've been telling you for the last fifteen minutes, we are,  finally, here.
Tenzin	Hello, Mother.  I can't tell you how happy I am to see you.  Please, help me.
Meelo	 Unhand me, strange woman!
Tenzin	That's your grandmother, Meelo.
Katara	 It's so good to see all of you.
Jinora	 Gran Gran, I've been reading all about your old adventures. I've been dying to ask you: What happened to Zuko's mom?
Katara	Well, Jinora, it's an incredible tale--
Ikki	 Gran Gran, you look old. How old are you? And why is it so cold in the South Pole?  Can we make a campfire, and all huddle around it, and tell scary stories, and make snowmen?  And then can you make the snowmen move with waterbending and chase us? Wouldn't that be  fuuun? Huh?  Wouldn't it?
Tenzin	 Pema, let me help you. Careful now, careful.
Pema	Stop doting on me. I'm not helpless, I'm just pregnant.
Katara	The baby's strong.  I see another airbender in your future.
Pema	 All I want is one child like me,  a nice non-bender, who doesn't  blast wind in my face every five seconds.
Meelo	 Mommy, look,  I'm a snowbender!
Pema	 Were Tenzin and his siblings this crazy when they were kids?
Katara	 Kya and Bumi certainly were, but  Tenzin has always been ...  rather serious.
Tenzin	 Mother, please.
Tenzin	Korra?  Look at you, so big and strong.  You've grown into quite the young Avatar.
Korra	 Master Tenzin, I'm so glad you're here. I can't wait to get started.
Tenzin	 Yes, well ... 
Pema	 You're going to have to tell her sooner or later.
Korra	 Tell me what?
Katara	 You're not staying, are you?
Tenzin	 I'm afraid not. We're only visiting for the night. Then I have to return to Republic City.
Korra	 But ... no, you're supposed to move here.  You're supposed to teach me.
Tenzin	 I'm sorry, Korra. Your airbending training is going to have to wait.
Korra	 So, how long until you're ready to teach me airbending?  A week? A month?
Tenzin	 It could be much longer.
Korra	 I don't understand. Why are you making me wait?
Tenzin	 I have a responsibility to Republic City. I am one of its leaders, and the situation there is very unstable right now.
Korra	 But you also have a responsibility to teach me.  Believe me, I'd be happy to find another airbending master, but you're the only one.  We're stuck with each other.
Tenzin	I wish there were another way.
Korra	 Wait, there is! If you can't stay here, then I'll go back to Republic City with you! It's perfect!
Korra	[Cut back to Korra; defiantly.] I get that, but I don't think keeping me locked up in this compound like a prisoner is what he had in mind.
Tenzin	 I know this is difficult to accept, but it's not the right time for you to come to the city.
Korra	 Whatever. 
Ikki	Goodbye, Gran Gran!
Tenzin	 Oogi, yip-yip!
Katara	Nice night for an escape, isn't it?
Korra	 I have to leave. I have to find my own path as the Avatar.
Katara	 I know you do.
Katara	Aang's time has passed.  My brother and many of my friends are gone.  It's time for you and your generation to take over the responsibility of keeping peace and balance in the world.  And I think you're going to be a great Avatar.
Korra	 Thank you.
Katara	 Goodbye, Korra.
Korra	Mom, Dad.  I'll miss you.
Senna	 We love you so much.
Korra	 Naga, we're here!
Korra	 Thanks for the ride!
Korra	 Wow, look at this place.  I've never seen so many Satomobiles!
Korra	Air Temple Island. That's where Tenzin lives.  You ready for a little swim, girl?  Okay, okay! Food first, then air temple!
Korra	Watch out, Naga! Look out!
Pedestrian	Watch where you're going!
Korra	 Whoops, sorry about that. Excuse us. Coming through. Heads up. Eh, sorry, we're new in town.
Korra	 Naga, wait.  We'll take one of everything, please.
Shopkeeper	 That will be twenty yuans.
Korra	Uh ... I don't have any money?
Shopkeeper	 Then what good are you to me?
Korra	 Don't worry, girl.  The city's huge. I bet we could find a place to rustle up something to eat.
Gommu	Uh, say, think I can I get one of them tasty-smelling  fishies?
Korra	 Oh, uh, yeah, sure.
Korra	 So, do you ... live in  that bush?
Gommu	Yes, presently that is what I do call home. Took me a while to procure a bush that beauteous.  This park is quite popular with all the vagabonds.
Korra	" So there are a lot of you out here? I thought everyone in this city was ""living it up""."
Gommu	 Hey, you've got a lot to learn, newcomer.  Welcome to Republic City.
Guard	 Hey, you!  Stop! You can't fish here!
Gommu	 You best skedaddle!
Protester	 Are you tired of living under the tyranny of benders? Then join the Equalists!  For too long, the bending elite of this city  have forced nonbenders to live as lower class citizens. Join Amon, and together we will tear down the bending establishment.
Korra	 What are you talking about?  Bending is the coolest thing in the world.
Protester	 Oh yeah? Let me guess: you're a bender.
Korra	 Yeah, I am.
Protester	 Then I bet you'd just love to knock me off this platform with some waterbending, huh?
Korra	 I'm seriously thinking about it.
Protester	 This is what's wrong with this city! Benders like this girl only use their power to oppress us!
Crowd	 Yeah! Get out of here!
Korra	 What? I'm not oppressing anyone!  You're ... you're oppressing yourselves!
Protester	 That didn't even make sense.
Korra	Excuse me, I think I'm lost.  How do I get to Air Temple Island from here?
Old woman	[Scared.] You should get moving, young lady. [Whispering as she gets up.] It isn't safe.
Viper	 Mr. Chung, please tell me that you have my money,  or else I can't guarantee I can protect your fine establishment. 
Chung	 I'm sorry, business has been slow. Please,  take one of my phonographs.
Viper	 My friend here is not a music lover.  Give me the money, or else -
Korra	 Or else what, hoodlum?
Viper	 Since you're obviously fresh off the boat, let me explain a couple things.  You're in Triple Threat Triad territory, and we're about to put you , in the hospital.
Korra	 You're the only ones who are gonna need a hospital  and, for your sake, I hope there's one nearby.
Viper	 Who do you think you are?
Korra	 Why don't you come and find out?
Young man	[Surprised.] Did she just earthbend?
Young man	[In awe.] Could she be?
Korra	 Got an idea about who I am now, chumps?
Mushi	 Come on!
Korra	 You're not getting away!
Korra	[In awe.] Cool! Metalbenders!
Korra	 I caught the bad guys for you, officers.
Saikhan	 Arrest them!
Saikhan	 You're under arrest, too.
Korra	 What do you mean I'm under arrest?  Those are the bad guys over there! They were smashing up a shop!
Saikhan	 From the looks of it, you smashed up a lot more than that.
Korra	Wait, you - you can't arrest me!  Let me explain!
Saikhan	 You can explain yourself all you like, down at headquarters.
Driver	Hey!
Lin	 Let's see.  Multiple counts of destruction of private and city property,  not to mention evading arrest ...  You're in a whole mess of trouble, young lady.
Korra	But there were some thugs threatening a helpless shopkeeper, and I had it ...
Lin	 Can it!  You should have called the police and stayed out of the way.
Korra	 But I couldn't just sit by and do nothing. It's my duty to help people.  See, I'm the Avatar.
Lin	 Oh, I am well aware of who you are.  And your Avatar title might impress some people,  but not me.
Korra	 All right, fine.  Then I want to talk to whoever's in charge.
Lin	 You're talking to her. I'm Chief Beifong. 
Korra	Wait, Beifong? Lin Beifong?  You're Toph's daughter!
Lin	 What of it?
Korra	 Well then, why are you treating me like a criminal? Avatar Aang and your mother were friends. They saved the world together.
Lin	 That's ancient history.  And it's got diddly-squat to do with the mess you're in right now.  You can't just waltz in here and dole out vigilante justice like you own the place!
Lin	[Back shot of Korra; Lin sighs; annoyed as she stands up.] Let him in.
Korra	 Tenzin, sorry ...  I got a little sidetracked on my way to see you.
Tenzin	 Lin, you are looking radiant as usual.
Lin	 Cut the garbage, Tenzin. Why is the Avatar in Republic City? I thought you were supposed to be moving down to the South Pole to train her.
Tenzin	 My relocation has been delayed.  The Avatar, on the other hand, will be heading back to the South Pole immediately, where she will stay put.
Korra	 But—
Tenzin	 If you would be so kind as to  drop the charges against Korra, I will take full responsibility for today's regrettable events and cover all the damages.
Lin	Fine.  Get her out of my city.
Tenzin	 Always a pleasure, Lin.  Let's go, Korra.
Korra	 Tenzin, please,  don't send me back home.
Tenzin	 You blatantly disobeyed my wishes and the orders of the White Lotus.
Korra	 Katara agreed with me that I should come.  She said my destiny is in Republic City.
Tenzin	 Don't bring my mother into this!
Korra	 Look, I can't wait any longer to finish my training.  Being cooped up and hidden away from the world isn't helping me become a better Avatar.  I saw a lot of the city today, and it's totally out of whack. I understand now why you need to stay. Republic City does need you. But it needs me, too.
Tenzin	You ... ah ... 
Meelo and Ikki	[Happily.] Korra!
Ikki	 Are you coming to live with us on the island?
Korra	 No, I'm sorry, Ikki. I have to go home now.
Tenzin	 Wait.  I have done my best to guide Republic City toward the dream my father had for it, but you're right. It has fallen out of balance since he passed. I thought I should put off your training in order to uphold his legacy,  but you are his legacy.  You may stay and train airbending here with me.  Republic City needs its Avatar once again.
Korra	 Yes! Thank you! You're the best!
Korra	Hello? [The microphones screech.] I'm Korra, [She takes a deep breath. Scene switches to a back shot of her with Naga at her right, as the camera pans to the right to reveal the cheering crowd.] your new Avatar.
Female journalist	[Cut to a close-up of a female journalist wearing glasses.] Were you trying to send a message to the Triads yesterday?
Male journalist #3	[Cut to a close-up of another journalist.] Will you be working with Chief Beifong and the police?
Korra	 Uh ... yes, I am definitely here to stay, but honestly I - I don't exactly have a plan yet.  See, I'm still in training, but, look, all I know is  Avatar Aang meant for this city to be the center of peace and balance in the world, and I believe we can make his dream a reality.  I look forward to serving you!
Korra	 I'm so happy to be here. Thank you, Republic City!
Tenzin	All right, that's all the questions the Av–
Lieutenant	 Amon, how do you want to handle this?
Amon	So, the Avatar has arrived early.  It looks like we'll have to accelerate our plans.
