Shiro Shinobi	 Korra is now the first metalbending Avatar! After training with Su Beifong, Korra quickly picked up the new skill, and Bolin is hoping to follow in her footsteps. Meanwhile, the airbender Zaheer is closing in on Zaofu. By his side are the lavabender Ghazan, the waterbender Ming-Hua, and the combustionbender P'Li. But what do these mysterious criminals want with the Avatar?
Wing	 I can't believe I'm sparring with the Avatar! 
Wei	 I can't believe I'm stuck with her friend.
Bolin	Hang on, I think I got it. Let me just try this.  Nope, okay maybe- 
Wei	Trial by fire. It's the best way to learn metalbending.  Agh!
Mako	 Whoa. Nice shot, Bolin!  But I thought you were supposed to be practicing metalbending, not earthbending.
Wei	 Yeah, cheater. 
Bolin	Mako, metalbending is extremely difficult. No one gets it right away, if they can get it at all! It's not normal! 
Korra	 Woo-hoo!  Metalbending champion!
Bolin	Oh sure. She's the Avatar.
Asami	Guys, it's time to get cleaned up. Tonight is Opal's farewell dinner.
Bolin	 Oh, now I have to say bye to Opal? This is the worst day ever! 
Opal	Thanks for making my favorite meal.
Chef	I'm really going to miss you, Opal. No one appreciates my raw veggie wraps like you do. 
Bolin	 Every time I eat raw kale, I'm going to think of you.
Opal	You're so sweet.
Bolin	This stinks! We were just starting to get to know each other, and now you're off to the Northern Air Temple.
Opal	We'll be together soon. You guys are coming up after finding more airbenders, right?
Bolin	Yeah, but that's ... in the future. Ugh, I hate the future!
Opal	 Until then, we'll always have kale.
Varrick	 Kid, can I give you some relationship advice?
Bolin	 Umm, no.
Varrick	Well, your loss.  Zhu Li!  bring the, uh, thing.  Check out my latest invention:  an airbender finder. 
Korra	 Wait, that can find airbenders? 
Asami	 Uh ...  I think  it's broken.
Varrick	 It's not broken. She needs to  airbend into it!  How else do you expect the thing to work? 
Mako	 What's going on? I can't hear anything. I hate sitting down here!  Uh, not because of you.
Aiwei	 I can tell you're lying.
Suyin	Everyone, if I could have your attention please? Tonight, my beautiful little girl leaves for the Northern Air Temple.  Opal, none of us could be more proud of you. You're an incredible daughter, sister, friend,  and soon to be  airbending master.  Here's to Opal. May she help lead us into the new era! 
Kuvira	 Lock it down for the night. 
Lin	 We'll head out first thing in the morning.
Bolin	 Kale, kale, kale ... Opal ...
Bolin	What?  What's going on?  Pabu, sleep!
Bolin	 Huh? What? Oh, Pabu.  It's not play time right now. Okay, we are seriously going to have to have a talk-  What the heck?! They've got Korra. They've got Korra! 
Mako	 Let her go!  They've got Korra!
Ming-Hua	So much for the element of surprise.
Ghazan	Back-up plan.
Mako	We can't let them take her.
Asami	I don't think they're going to get far. Look!
Kuvira	We have you surrounded. It's over. Release the Avatar!
Bolin	No way! That guy is lavabending! That's awesome ... ly not good for us.
Zaheer	I'm going to create some cover. We've got to get out of here!
Lin	 How did they get in here? 
Suyin	I don't know, but we're not letting them escape!
Asami	There's no way to cross that moat.
Suyin	 We don't need to cross it. Lin and I can drop in from the dome on cables.
Lin	 That's a great idea. Except we'll get blown up the second that third-eyed freak sees us. 
Suyin	She's a combustionbender. If one of you can stun her, her powers will be knocked out temporarily.
Mako	Bolin can land a shot.
Bolin	I can?
Suyin	You have to take her out right before we drop down.
Bolin	I do?
Wing	Open the hatch. 
Suyin	If we get in trouble, metalbend us up.
Wing	 We're in position.
Mako	Copy that. It's Bolin time.
Bolin	All right. Bolin time. Bolin time!  I can't get a clean shot!
Mako	You have to!
Wing	 Are we a go?
Mako	No go!
Wing	Copy that, we're a go.
Mako	I said no! Wait!  Bolin, take the shot!
Mako	Haha, nice job, little bro!
Zaheer	No!
Lin	Thanks.
Zaheer	We've failed!
Lin	Where did they go?
Suyin	They can't be far!  Guards, search the entire estate!
Aiwei	 This should neutralize  the shirshu toxins.
Lin	 How could you let this happen?!  You assured me this was one of the most  secure places in the world.
Suyin	It is. I don't know how this happened. Obviously this was a well-planned operation, so  don't blame me.
Kuvira	We searched the entire estate. There's no sign of them.
Lin	Well, keep looking! 
Aiwei	It would seem they had some inside knowledge of Zaofu. They must've been working with someone.
Korra	 The-  the guards. It had to be one of them.
Aiwei	I agree.
Suyin	Question them all! Whoever betrayed my city will suffer the consequences!
Aiwei	What is your full name?  Where were you last night?  Do you have any knowledge of the people who tried to kidnap the Avatar? 
Zhu Guan	My name is Zhu Guan.
Second guard	 I was patrolling the south wall of the Beifong estates.
Third guard	 I have absolutely no knowledge of the people who tried to kidnap Korra.
Varrick	What was I doing last night?  Same thing I always do. From nine to ten, I checked my body for ticks. Lyme disease is a serious killer.  Then I did my nightly  Varrick calisthenics, followed by  thirty minutes of breath holding. I filmed the whole thing if you want to watch it.
Aiwei	That won't be necessary.
Lin	Maybe it wasn't a guard after all. Maybe it was someone a little higher up the food chain. Aiwei, why don't you question Su?
Korra	Lin, stop! Your sister was not involved!
Suyin	No,  I'll gladly be questioned. I have nothing to hide. 
Aiwei	 What is your full name?
Suyin	Suyin Beifong. I'm the daughter of Toph and  the only sister to Lin, and I had nothing to do with the attack last night.
Aiwei	 She is telling  the truth.
Korra	This is a waste of time! Just bring in the next guard!
Aiwei	Give me your name and tell me where you are from.
Hong Li	I'm Hong Li. I was born and raised here in Zaofu.
Aiwei	Do you have any knowledge of the people who tried to kidnap the Avatar?
Hong Li	No.
Aiwei	 Did you help the attackers enter Zaofu last night?
Hong Li	No, of course not.
Aiwei	 You're lying.
Hong Li	 What?! No, I'm not! 
Suyin	How did they get in and out?  Where are they now?
Hong Li	 I don't know! I'm telling you, I didn't help them!
Suyin	You're a traitor to the entire clan!
Aiwei	I suggest we search his place.
Mako	I got something!
Bolin	 What? 
Mako	" It looks like it's from them.  ""Team assembled. Ready to rendezvous."""
Asami	 And look at this.
Aiwei	 These are the guards' logbooks. All their schedules and routes are in here.
Korra	That guard knows everything.  We have to get him to talk.
Mako	Let's go confront him with this evidence right now.
Aiwei	No.  Let's give him a little time to sweat it out. He will talk eventually.
Mako	I don't understand why we're not talking to that guard right now.  Every minute we waste here, those guys get further away. I mean, how does a random guard get involved with a group of super criminals anyway?
Asami	What do you mean?
Mako	That guard is only eighteen years old and has lived in Zaofu his entire life. Zaheer and his gang have been in prison for more than thirteen years.
Korra	I don't know, but we all saw the evidence. It's pretty overwhelming.
Varrick	 Maybe a little too overwhelming?
Bolin	Hey, Varrick. What are you doing here?
Varrick	Collecting pumice stones with Zhu Li. That lavabender did a lot of damage, but he makes a nice exfoliating rock, and when you got callouses like mine, you take all the pumice stones you can get your hands on. Or in my case, feet.
Mako	What were you saying about the evidence?
Varrick	I was saying that I can smell a conspiracy when I see one. Look, if I was trying to set someone up, I would tell everyone he's guilty and then plant the evidence in his apartment as proof.
Mako	Oh, you mean exactly like what you did to me?
Varrick	Yes, just like that! Remember how great that worked? Well, not for you.
Mako	You're right. All the evidence points to this guard, but maybe he's just the fallback.
Bolin	But for who?
Mako	For the only person who can truly keep a secret in this city: Aiwei.
Bolin	He's not home. Or he's hiding in there.  Or he's invisible.  Probably just not home.
Mako	We have to get in there and find some evidence that links Aiwei to Zaheer, otherwise Su won't believe us. 
Asami	It's just an empty book. 
Bolin	Hmm, it's like a desert on a jar.
Mako	Bolin, put that back! We don't want Aiwei to know we were in here if we can't find anything.  You forgot where it goes, didn't you?  These look like scuff marks. I think this bookshelf slides open. 
Korra	What do you think is down there?
Bolin	Could be a storage cellar.
Mako	Or it could be how Zaheer got in and out.
Asami	Aiwei's coming back! Quick.
Aiwei	What are doing in my house? You are trespassing on the property of one of the highest-ranked officials in the city. You'd better have a good explanation.
Bolin	We do. We do. We actually knocked on your front door and we thought we heard you say,  'Come in, I'm in the bathroom!'  I don't even know why I'm saying that. You know I'm lying, and you don't even sound like that.
Korra	We came here because things weren't adding up, and we thought you might have some answers.
Aiwei	 Sit. If you want to talk, let's talk over some tea.  Now, what is not adding up exactly? Hong Li was clearly lying and we found evidence in his apartment.
Mako	But don't you think it's weird how young he is? How did he ever get mixed up with this group?
Aiwei	 Perhaps through a relative, or maybe he was bribed. We will find out those answers in time. But if wasn't him, who do you think it was?
Asami	We don't know.
Aiwei	 You don't think I had something to do with this, do you?
Korra	We're just looking for answers.
Aiwei	And you think you've found something, don't you?  You have no idea what is coming for you, Avatar.
Mako	Come on, he's getting away!
Korra	I'm still a little new at this, so back off!  Ugh!
Mako	He's gone.
Korra	 Look, he must've escaped through there! Help me clear it out.
Lin	What happened? We heard an explosion.
Suyin	Where's Aiwei?
Korra	Your trusted adviser is the one who betrayed us. He was lying about the guard.
Suyin	What? No!
Korra	We confronted him and he bolted through here.
Lin	He must have collapsed the tunnel behind him.
Mako	And he rigged an explosion to destroy any evidence that might have been here.
Korra	This is where Zaheer got in and out. Aiwei was the traitor.
Suyin	 I ... trusted him.
Kuvira	 Is everyone okay?
Lin	Aiwei is a fugitive. Get all available guards to search the mountainside, and find out where this tunnel exits immediately!
Lin	What did you find?
Kuvira	We located the end of the tunnel, but there's no sign of him. Just some fresh tire tracks. 
Mako	He had an escape plan all ready to go.
Suyin	I trusted him with my life. I thought we were family, but it was all a lie.
Mako	Whoever these guys are, they're more powerful than we thought, and more dangerous.
Korra	That's why we have to find them. We're going to hold off our search for airbenders and hunt down Aiwei. Naga can track his scent.
Asami	And I bet if we find Aiwei, we'll find Zaheer.
Lin	No! We're not hunting this group. There could be other secret agents in other parts of the world looking for you right now! I'm taking you back to Republic City, where I can protect you.
Korra	If I wasn't safe here, then I'm not safe anywhere. I have to stop them!
Lin	It's too dangerous! You are not going!
Korra	Stop trying to protect me! I'm the Avatar. This is my job!
Lin	Don't lecture me about jobs!
Suyin	Enough! Korra, listen to Lin.
Korra	But ... they ...
Suyin	Please. Lin's only looking out for you. I promise you, Aiwei and everyone he's working with will be brought to justice.
Korra	Fine, if you really think it's best.
Suyin	I do.
Lin	Thank you, Su.
Suyin	Everyone should get some rest tonight. I'll have my people prep your airship and you can leave first thing in the morning.
Korra	Su.
Suyin	You really think Naga could track Aiwei?
Korra	Definitely.
Suyin	Then, here.  There's a jeep packed with supplies on the east gate. It's all gassed up and ready to go.
Korra	What? Why?
Suyin	Because I want you to hunt down Aiwei and bring him back to me.
Bolin	But you said -
Suyin	I said what Lin wanted to hear and I bought you guys some time. Go. I'll deal with Lin in the morning.
Korra	Let's get this guy!  Thanks.
