Wu	You know, there's something about being kidnapped that makes a guy realize he needs to get his act together.
Mako	Yeah, I agree. Let's toughen you up.
Wu	 Daaah, I wasn't ready!  Wu down!
Yin	What's going on?  Mako, how dare you injure the prince! Would his royal highness like a cherry-berry lemonade?
Wu	And maybe some of those sticky dumplings, too?
Mako	" Look at you! You're so weak, ""Wu down"" is your catchphrase."
Wu	I know, I'm a wimp. But it's not my fault, I was born that way! I'm not like you Mako, I wasn't raised by a pack of cops in the woods.
Mako	 You don't know anything about me, do you?
Wu	 Yeah, I'm drawing a blank. Why is that? How do I not know stuff about you?
Mako	Uhh ... you never asked?
Wu	Well, I'm asking now!  What's your favorite food? What's your favorite color? Is there a special lady in your life?
Mako	Not since Korra and I broke up.
Wu	 What? You dated the Avatar?  Sit!  You and I need to have a little gab session right now!  How'd you guys first meet?
Mako	Bolin and I were playing for the Fire Ferrets.
Wu	 You were a pro-bender?
Mako	 Yes. Will you just let me tell the story?
Wu	 Carry on.
Mako	Bolin and I grew up dirt poor, so once I became a pro-bender, I wanted it all: Riches; fame; accolades. But all that changed when I met Korra.
Bolin	Come on, I want you to meet my brother, Mako.
Korra	Mako? Wow, I-I heard you play on the radio!
Mako	Come on, Bolin, we're up.
Wu	 Whoa! That was the first time you met? Kind of rude there, buddy!
Mako	 You know what else is rude? Interrupting.  Korra proved to be an amazing pro-bender  and a loyal friend. She helped me save Bolin when he was taken by the Equalists.  After going through such a crazy experience, I felt like Korra and I had a powerful connection.
Wu	 So then you smooched her real good, eh?
Mako	 Not exactly.
Mako	Ahhhh!
Mako	How could you not see me? I mean I was ju-juuuu [Asami takes off her helmet and lets her hair down.] I was, I-I, wow. [Coughs.] That was ... [Clears his throat as Asami helps him up; the frame freezes.]
Wu	 Wait. That was the first thing you said to Asami? You really gotta work on your introductions.
Mako	 Hey. When you got charm like mine, you don't need introductions.
Mako	Hanging out with Asami was awesome. But it made things with Korra  complicated.
Korra	So, I was thinking we should spend some time together.  Look, I really like you and I think we were meant for each other. 
Mako	Korra, I'm really sorry, but I just don't feel the same way about you. 
Wu	That's harsh, Mako.
Mako	I know.  And the worst part about it is, it wasn't totally true.
Mako	We need to talk.
Korra	Save your breath. You've already made it clear how you feel about me.
Mako	No, I haven't. What I'm trying to say is, as much as you drive me crazy, I also think you're pretty amazing. 
Wu	 Hot dog! Smooch City, here we come. You player.
Tu	 Whoa. I thought you were dating Asami.
Mako	 Tu! Get out of here!
Yin	 Naughty Mako! You take after your grandfather!
Mako	Guys, Grandma, everything wasn't so cut and dry. I wasn't dating Asami.
Tu	 Denial.
Mako	 Okaaay, maybe I was dating her; it was all very confusing.
Mako	But my feelings for Korra became clear when Tarrlok captured her. It felt like a piece of me was gone.
Mako	 I was so worried. Are you all right?
Korra	I'm fine. I'm glad you're here.
Wu	Hoo! I bet Asami wasn't too happy about that. 
Asami	I've noticed how you treat Korra, how you acted when she was missing. You have feelings for her, don't you?
Mako	Things are crazy right now. Can we deal with our relationship problems later?
Asami	Well, there might not be a relationship to worry about later.
Mako	 Asami!
Wu	 Ouch!
Mako	 Yep. Turns out, she was right. It was time to man up and call it quits.
Mako	Asami. I'm sorry things got so messed up between us. But whatever happens today, I want you to know how much I care about you.
Asami	I care about you, too.
Wu	 Wait. Was that supposed to be you breaking up with her?
Mako	 Yes. That was a breakup.
Tu	 Didn't sound like a breakup.
Mako	 It was mutual. We had an understanding!  We both knew—  Can I just get on with the rest of my story or what?
Wu	Fine.  But I hope you weren't as ambiguous with Korra as you were with Asami.
Mako	Trust me, I wasn't.
Mako	Korra and I ended up stopping Amon together and after that, I was finally able to tell her how I felt. Exactly how I felt.
Mako	I love you, Korra.
Korra	I love you, too.
Yin	 Awww. And then you two lived happily ever after?
Mako	 Ummmm ...
Mako	Tenzin's just trying to help you become the best Avatar you can be.
Korra	Of course you take his side.
Mako	I'm not taking his side.
Korra	You know, sometimes I wonder whose side you're on.
Mako	There aren't any sides!
Korra	How could you take his side?
Mako	What's with you and sides?
Korra	 Well, excuse me, officer! Don't let me stand in the way of you writing tickets! I'm just trying to save the world!
Mako	Well, I guess if we're both putting our jobs first, maybe there's no room for our relationship!
Korra	So, what? Are you ... breaking up with me?
Mako	Yeah ... I guess I am.
Wu	 Now that's a breakup!
Mako	After that, I dove into my work. Someone had been taking out supply ships heading to the Southern Water Tribe.  Asami's company was one of the victims, so she and I worked together to catch the perps.  The stakeout was the perfect way to get my mind off Korra. It was an intense night.  Asami and I discovered the triads had double-crossed us. We barely got away, but by then, Asami's warehouse had been cleared out.
Asami	My company ... it's over ... I give up.
Mako	Well ... I'm not giving up on you.
Mako	 I know, I know, don't tell me ... I had no right kissing Asami.
Wu	 No, actually, I'm completely fine with that. You officially broke up with Korra and therefore, you're free to smooch whoever you wish.
Mako	 If only it had been that simple.
Korra	Mako, I missed you so much!
Mako	Korra ... hey, I-I missed you, too.  So you're not still mad at me? We had that fight before you left, remember?
Korra	Not really. I got attacked by a dark spirit and I lost my memory for a little while. Maybe it hasn't all come back yet. Was it a bad fight?
Mako	Ahhhhh ...  Hmmmm, no. No. It-it wasn't that bad.
Wu	 Whoa, whoa, whoa! So you were back with Asami, but then Korra came back and thought you guys were still together and you didn't tell her you weren't?
Yin	 Just like your grandfather.
Mako	 Well, me and Asami were never officially back together.
Tu	 Really? That again? You know, it seems like you're so afraid to disappoint anyone that you end up disappointing everyone.
Wu	 Truer words have never been spoken.  High-five! 
Mako	Well, eventually, I did tell Korra. But by then, she already knew.
Korra	Why didn't you just tell me the truth in the first place?
Mako	I know I should have, but ... I didn't want to hurt you all over again. I guess part of me wanted to forget about the breakup, too.
Korra	I think we both know that this ... us ... doesn't work.
Mako	You're right.
Korra	It's ... over. For real this time.
Mako	After Harmonic Convergence, the world changed. Team Avatar traveled around, searching for new airbenders. At first, it was awkward being around Korra and Asami.
Mako	 As you were.  Ladies.
Mako	But then I realized I had to figure out who I was without a lady in my life.
Wu	I know what that's like.
Wu	I mean, to need distance from women.  Because I have so many, all over me, all the time.
Mako	 Anyway,  I eventually helped Korra defeat Zaheer and save the airbenders.  And we did it as friends. Korra showed me the importance of putting others before myself  and whenever I think of her, she continues to inspire me.
Wu	Wow! That story is amazing and I really learned something!
Mako	You did? Good. 
Wu	Yeah! I learned that I really didn't know anything about you! Crazy!  Also, I realized that ladies are complicated. No offense, Grandma.
Yin	None taken.
Wu	I better just focus on being a better king.  Okay, come at me. I can take it.
Wu	Aahhhhh! Wu down!
Asami	I brought you some tea.  I thought you might be cold out here.
Korra	You're so sweet.  Thanks. 
Asami	Are you okay? You seem out of sorts.
Korra	Sorry. I've just been thinking about something Toph said. She told me that the world doesn't need me and it's basically pointless to try and stop Kuvira.
Asami	That's ridiculous.
Korra	At the time, I thought so, too. I figured she was just being her normal, cranky self. But I'm beginning to think she had a point.
Asami	No, she doesn't. The world does need you. You're the Avatar.
Korra	But no matter what I do, the world seems to always be out of balance!  Growing up, I couldn't wait to be the Avatar. I thought I was really gonna change things. I was so naive.  The first time I saw Amon take someone's bending away, I was terrified.
Amon	Your firebending is gone! Forever.
Korra	 Then my worst nightmare came true.
Mako	Korra!
Korra	 No!
Amon	I told you I would destroy you.
Asami	 Korra, you're forgetting about all the good that happened after you exposed Amon as the fraud he was. The Equalist Movement lost its leader and its power.  Free elections were held in the United Republic and nonbenders finally had a voice.  People had hope again and it was all because of you.
Korra	And I was hopeful, too. That feeling didn't last long.  As soon as I defeated Amon, a new enemy took his place.  I can't believe I trusted you. You made me think you wanted to restore balance with the spirits, but this, this isn't balance, it's madness! Now let her go!
Unalaq	If you want your friend to make it out of the Spirit World, you'll open the other portal now.
Korra	 Because of Unalaq, I betrayed Tenzin, opened the portals, and threw the Spirit and human worlds into chaos.  It was my fault he fused with Vaatu and became a Dark Avatar.  And I was helpless to stop him from destroying Raava and cutting off my connection to my past lives.  With Raava gone, Unalaq and Vaatu became more powerful than ever. 
Asami	 But you became more powerful, too. I mean ... you turned into a giant spirit.
Korra	Yeah ... that was pretty awesome.
Asami	 And opening the spirit portals turned out to be a good thing.  You brought back the airbenders and caused a positive shift in the world.
Korra	Yes,  but Zaheer got airbending too and nearly killed me.  If it weren't for Zaheer,  the Earth Queen would still be alive. There would have been no crisis in the Earth Kingdom  and Kuvira wouldn't be in power.  Things are more out of balance than ever now. Nothing's changed!
Tenzin	You're right, Korra.
Korra	I am?
Asami	She is?
Tenzin	It's true, there will always be new conflicts and enemies to face. But the important thing is to learn from your enemies and better yourself over time, which you have.  You've changed so much since you first arrived on Air Temple Island. When you first came here, you were hot-headed and a bit selfish.  But you've matured into a thoughtful young woman who puts the needs of others before herself.  The new Air Nation is a testament to that. You sacrificed everything to save them. You're an inspiration to the world.
Korra	 Thank you both. I know this Kuvira problem is only going to get worse. But no matter what happens, no matter how crazy things get, I'll always try to restore balance. 
Baraz	 And that's when I made a solemn vow never to eat bark-onion soup again.  Been six years, four months and fourteen days ...  Urgh!  I can still taste it. 
Bolin	 Does anyone else feel like throwing themselves overboard?
Varrick	 Not me!  I've spent the last few hours tuning out all these incredibly boring stories ...
Baraz	 Hey!
Varrick	 All the while  mentally composing the most exciting tale  ever told, soon to become the greatest  mover  ever made!  I present to you now:  Bolin,  as Nuktuk, Hero of the South—  Trademark Varrimovers International—  in  the incredible true story of Bolin! Hero of the world!
Bolin	 Wait, am I playing Nuktuk, or is Nuktuk playing me?
Varrick	 Both. It's your true story, but we'll capitalize on the  audience of the Nuktuk franchise.  Duh!
Bolin	" How can you call me ""the hero of the world""?  I left my friends and family to join up with a psychotic dictator who imprisoned me and now,  I'm running back home with my tail between my legs."
Varrick	Nyahbabababab! You're emphasizing the wrong story beads. Let me tell it. The story of Bolin begins in an exotic port of call.  A wise sage, the richest merchant in the world, and a handsome devil all  sit on a single pillow in the living room of a luxury yacht! How do they all fit on one pillow?
Bolin	 Ooh! Giant pillow!
Varrick	"Wrong! They're all the same man! Me!  I try to teach a swami the power of levitation, but he's too stupid  to understand it, so I kick him out.  ""Upon whom can I bestow my awesome knowledge?"" I ask myself. Then, in walks Nuktuk, with a twinkle in his eye, a gorgeous dame on his arm, and a song on his lips. He bursts into a rapturous melody!  ""Where can I find my teacher?"" "
Bolin	Oh, come on! I wasn't singing, you were not levitating, and Asami is just a friend, thank you very much.  If you want to tell my true story, you should start from when I met Korra. She came to the bending arena, one fateful night ...
Korra	This place is even more amazing than I imagined!
Bolin	Name's Bolin, by the way.
Korra	Korra. 
Baraz	 Bo-ring!  When does the singing start?
Bolin	 There wasn't any singing!
Varrick	You're on-screen talent, kid. Leave the storytelling to the masters.  So, the trouble begins when the Avatar is trapped in the Spirit World. The world's most evil villains realize that with Korra out of the way, the time is right to try to take out Bolin.  So, the worst of the worst team up. They're led by ... Zaheer, leader of the Red Lotus and master of the skies, a flying chaotic chaos machine!  He's joined by ... Vaatu, the ultimate force of pure spirit evil in the universe. The biggest, meanest, scariest kite that ever flew! 
Bolin	 Wait! Zaheer didn't team up with Vaatu. How would that even happen?
Varrick	 How do you think?
Vaatu	Hello?
Zaheer	Hey. It's Zaheer.
Vaatu	Oh. Hey, Zaheer.
Zaheer	 Glad I caught you at home. 
Vaatu	 Uh-huh. Very funny. Like I can leave this stupid tree.
Zaheer	Hold on, let me conference in—
Varrick	Amon! The reanimated  zombie body  of the bloodbending leader of the Equalists! 
Amon	 Hey, guys, I'm totally in for taking out Bolin. He's way too powerful and awesome. But can we please not include—
Unalaq	Not include who, Amon?
Varrick	 The evil Unalaq. The diabolical but incredibly boring and unpopular sorcerer from the north, who's listening in on the other line!
Unalaq	 I've spent my life trying to defeat Nuktuk, I mean, Bolin, and I know just where to find him: With all the beautiful ladies!
Varrick	Yes, Bolin had a reputation as the world's greatest ladies' man.
Bolin	Oooh, now the story's getting interesting.
Varrick	After leaving the beautiful but emotionally unstable Water Tribe princess at the altar,  he met a fetching airbender, the heir to a vast Earth Kingdom fortune! 
Bolin	 Opal, so smart and caring, so pretty to smell,  and she'll probably never talk to me again because I'm so stupid! Stupid! So, so, so  stupid. 
Varrick	" Pull it together, you leaky lug.  But the darkest moment is always right before the dawn! For at his lowest point, Bolin sought advice from the man who started it all, the wisest of the wise—Me!—for some of my signature sage advice!  Nuktuk, I mean, Bolin, there's only one thing for you to do if you want to save the Avatar and defeat the ""Fearsome Foursome""  —I'm not really sure if I like ""Fearsome"", I mean, ""Evil Squared"" might be better. Whatever— You have to assemble the fighting-est airbender army of all time! But it turns out the airbender recruits are a sorry lot,  so Bolin brings them to a secret mountaintop training facility, where he teaches them the ancient art of dodging fruit and balancing on sticks! Meanwhile, back with Zombie Amon ..."
Amon	Okay, guys, I think we finally ditched him.
Unalaq	 Haha, very funny, I'm still on the line. So, about that evil plan to destroy Nuktuk.
Unalaq	 Hello? Anyone there?  Guys!
Varrick	And with danger closing in, Opal realizes how much she loves Bolin and forgives him for whatever stuff he was talking about earlier, which will probably not be in the final cut of the mover anyway.
Bolin	 She does?
Varrick	And she kisses Bolin, magically passing on the airbender power of flight!
Bolin	Okay, that part seems a little unbelievable.
Varrick	" This is no time for thinking, kid! We're heading into the big finale!  Bolin gathers his airbender army to fight alongside Rotan and Juji against the Terror Square!  Maybe that's the name of the bad guys, ""Terror Square""!  What about ""Legion of Darkness""? Well, we'll put a focus group on it.  Bolin teaches the airbenders to create a giant tornado.  Then he flies around in the sky,  pushes Zaheer into it,  turning him into wind, forever! But Bolin doesn't realize that the Universal Interplanetary Combination Zero-Hour—talk about a ticking clock—is almost upon him!  And when Juji shoots his laser eyes at the evil Unalaq,  the beams accidentally fly into the magic spirit doorway!  They bounce off Vaatu, setting him free,  and hit Bolin, turning him into a giant!  But when Vaatu is set free, the evil Unalaq, who has always been an annoyingly clingy person, is so close to Vaatu that they combine into one horrifying monster!  Giant Bolin and the evil UnaVaatu fight toe-to-toe, zapping each other with their laser beams as they stomp around Republic City!  It looks like the evil UnaVaatu might win!  But thankfully, Bolin's spiritual mojo is so strong that he attracts the queen of the fairies!  With her help, Bolin turns UnaVaatu into magic dust and sprays him into the sky.  And that's where the stars come from.  Oh yeah, and he turns into a dragon and he goes into the Spirit World and he saves the Avatar.  The end!"
Bolin	 Wait! You like that?  It didn't make any sense! What about Zombie Amon? What happened to him, huh? And-and-and-and stars are magic fairy dust?  Are you guys crazy?  Are you crazy?
Baraz	 It's just a mover.  Don't over-think it. It's like a ride.
Varrick	 Never let the truth get in the way of a good story, kid! 
