Tenzin	Earth. Fire. Air. Water. Only the Avatar can master all four elements and bring balance to the world.
Shiro Shinobi	 Republic City welcomes a new citizen into our arms. Avatar Korra! After years of seclusion in the South, this master of water, earth, and fire seeks to add airbending to her list of skills. And under the tutelage of Tenzin, Avatar Aang's son, she should go far. But will this cool, calm, collective master of air be able to tame this hotheaded teen?
Korra	 And, in the final round, the Buzzard Wasps  won with a decisive knockout!  What do you say we go to the arena tonight,  catch a few pro-bending matches?
Tenzin	 That sport is a mockery of the noble tradition of bending. 
Korra	Come on, Tenzin! I've dreamed about seeing a pro-bending match since I was a kid  and now I'm just a ferry ride away from  the arena.
Tenzin	 Korra, you're not here to watch that drivel. You're here to finish your Avatar training.  So, for the time being, I want you to remain on the island.
Korra	 Is that why you're keeping the White Lotus sentries around,  to watch my every move?
Tenzin	Yes. In order to learn airbending I believe you require a calm,  quiet environment, free from any distractions.
Korra	 All right,  you're the master.
Tenzin	So, my mother informed me that  you've never been able to airbend before.
Korra	 Yeah, but I don't know why. The other elements came so easily to me,  but every single time I've tried airbending-  nothing.
Tenzin	 That's perfectly all right. You just need to be patient.  Often the element that's the most difficult for the Avatar to master is the one most opposite to the Avatar's personality.  For Aang, it was earthbending.
Korra	 Yeah. Well, I'm about as opposite an airbender as you can get.
Tenzin	 Let's begin your first lesson.
Ikki	 Korra's gonna airbend! Korra's gonna airbend!
Korra	 What is that contraption?
Tenzin	A time-honored tool that teaches the most fundamental aspect of airbending. Jinora, would you like to explain this exercise?
Jinora	 The goal is to weave your way through the gates and make it to the other side without touching them.
Korra	 Seems easy enough.
Ikki	 Jinora forgot to say that you have to make it through while the gates are spinning.
Tenzin	 The key is to be like the leaf.  Flow with the movement of the gates.  Jinora will demonstrate.
Tenzin	 Airbending is all about spiral movements. When you meet resistance, you must be able to switch direction at a moment's notice.
Korra	 Let's do this!
Jinora	 Don't force your way through!
Ikki	 Dance! Dance like the wind!
Meelo	 Be the leaf!
Korra	Airbend!  What is wrong with me? Airbend!
Korra	 Aargh!  Maybe I'm just not cut out to be an airbender, huh, Naga?
Shiro Shinobi	 Ladies and gentlemen! I'm coming to you live from Republic City's Pro-bending Arena, where tonight the best in the world continue their quest  for a spot in the upcoming championship tournament.  Grab your snacks and grab your kids because this next match is gonna be a doozy!
Shiro Shinobi	This Mako's got moxy! He advances, fires two quick shots.  Yomo is hammered back to zone three!  Clock is winding down, can Yomo hold on?  He's teetering on the edge of the ring now.  The Fire Ferrets line up to strik-
Tenzin	 Korra, come down here please.
Korra	 You shut it off at the best part!
Tenzin	 I thought I made myself clear. I don't want you listening to this distracting nonsense.
Korra	 But it's their radio. And technically, you said I couldn't watch a match.  You didn't say anything about listening to one.
Tenzin	 You-  ... you know what I meant!  Anyway shouldn't y-? Shouldn't you be in bed by now?
Korra	 I think I'm doing it wrong.
Tenzin	 There's nothing to do. Let your mind and your spirit be free,  for air is the element of freedom.  Is something ... funny?
Korra	 Yeah, you're telling me to embrace freedom, but you won't even let me listen to the radio. And forget about leaving this island!
Tenzin	 Please, Korra.  Look at Meelo; he's able to meditate peacefully.
Korra	Actually, I think he's asleep.
Tenzin	 What? Well, at least he has the relaxing part down.
Korra	 Whatever. None of this airbending stuff makes any sense to me.
Tenzin	 I know you're frustrated, but these teachings will sink in over time. Then one day, they'll just click. 
Korra	 Yeah, it's not sinking in yet.  I'm gonna go get a glass of lychee juice.
Tenzin	 Korra, the meditation's not over yet!
Ikki	 Daddy, can I have some lychee juice too?
Tenzin	 No.
Toza	 Hey,  what're you doin' in my gym?
Korra	 Uh, I was just looking for a bathroom and I got lost.
Toza	" Ah, the old ""I had to pee"" excuse!  You know, I'm sick and tired of you kids sneakin' in without payin'!  I'm taking you to security!"
Korra	No, wait!
Bolin	 There you are! I've been looking everywhere for you!  It's all right Toza,  she's with me.
Korra	 Yeah, I'm with him.
Bolin	So, you see, we're together.
Korra	 Well, not together together, more like friends.
Bolin	Right, friends.  No, no, I didn't mean to imply. 
Korra	 Oh, you implied it.
Toza	 Ah, I don't care what you are! I got work to do.
Bolin	Rrright this way, miss.
Korra	And thank you, sir!  Seriously, thanks.
Bolin	Whaddya think? Best seats in the house, huh?
Korra	 Whoa! Unbelievable!  This place is even more amazing than I imagined!
Bolin	Name's Bolin, by the way.
Korra	 Korra.
Mako	 Psst,  Bolin.
Bolin	Yeah?
Mako	 I told you, you have to stop bringing your crazy fangirls in here before the matches. Get her out of here.
Bolin	 Come on, Mako! Right, look, I kinda promised her she could stay,  but man, I got a good feeling, there's somethin' special about her. I know it!  Come here, I want you to meet my brother, Mako.
Korra	 Mako? Wow, I-I heard you playing on the radio.
Mako	 Come on, Bolin, we're up.
Korra	 ... or I could meet him later.
Bolin	 Yeah, sorry about that. My brother just gets real ... focused before a match.  Okay, I gotta go, wish me luck.  Not ... that I'll need it.
Korra	 Good luck.  Knock 'em out!
Ring announcer	Introooooducing  the Fire Ferrets!
Fangirl	 Aaaaaah! I love you, Bolin! Aaaaaah!
Shiro Shinobi	 The rookie Ferrets came from out of nowhere  and have made it further than anyone expected this season.  But tonight, they face their toughest test yet, folks.
Shiro Shinobi	 And they're off! The two teams waste no time trying to blast each other out of zone one!
Shiro Shinobi	" Hasook is the first to feel the heat of the Tigerdillos! He tries to return the favor, but they're too fast for him, while Mako shows off his trademark ""cool under fire"" style!"
Shiro Shinobi	 Oooh, the Tigerdillos score with a walloping one-two combo!
Shiro Shinobi	Can their teammate hold on to their zone one territory? Guess not!  Mako's over the line!  The Tigerdillos get the green light and advance into Ferret territory!
Korra	 Come on, Ferrets!
Shiro Shinobi	Looks like Hasook's in trouble! He's in zone three teetering over the drink!  And Hasook takes a dip! He'll be back for round two!
Shiro Shinobi	Assuming the fabulous bending brothers can hold their ground until the next round.
Announcer	 Round one goes to the  Golden Temple Tigerdillos!
Mako	 Come on, Hasook! Get your act together!
Shiro Shinobi	 The Fire Ferrets are knocked into zone two and the Tigerdillos advance!
Shiro Shinobi	 The Fire Ferrets cinch the round in the closing seconds! It's one apiece,  still anyone's match as we go into the third and final round!
Shiro Shinobi	 Hasook stumbles, and now he tumbles right into his teammate!  He and Bolin better untangle quick if they don't want to ...  oh, too late!
Korra	 Oh, no!
Shiro Shinobi	 It's all up to Mako now!  He's bobbing and weaving! He's weaving and bobbing!  But he's not hitting back!  If Mako's knocked out, the Ferrets' fabulous season is over!  He is dancing on the edge of the ring, surviving the three on one barrage! It seems his plan is to let the Tigerdillos punch themselves out!  And his plan is working! Han is in the pool!  They've got nothing left in the tank and Mako is on the offensive!  It's two on one!  Scratch that, it's one on one, and it's an earth and fire slllugfest! There's so much smoke and dust from the firefight, I can't even see where the Fire Ferret is!
Shiro Shinobi	 It's a knockout! What a wing-dinger of a hat trick, folks!  Mako pulls off the upset of the season, winning the match for the Fire Ferrets!
Bolin	Woohoo! Yes!  One more win and we're in the championship tournament!  So, what'd ya think, Korra? Bolin's got some moves, huh?
Korra	 What did I think? What did I think? That was am​azing!
Mako	 You did more harm than good out there. You almost cost us the match!
Hasook	 We won, didn't we?
Mako	Barely!
Hasook	 Get off my case, pal!  Ugh! 
Mako	 Useless.
Korra	 You guys were incredible out there!  Especially you, Mr. Hat Trick!
Mako	 Oh, you're still here?
Korra	 Oh, you're still a jerk?
Bolin	Ooh! 
Korra	 Anyway,  I've been immersed in bending my entire life, but I never learned how to move like that! It's like there's a whole new style here!  Think you could show me a few tricks?
Bolin	Ab-so-lutely!
Mako	 Right now? Come on, Bolin.
Bolin	 Just ignore him.  Yeah, I could show you the basics.  I'm just not sure how my earthbending would translate to your waterbending,  but we'll figure it out.
Korra	 Won't be a problem.  I'm actually an earthbender.
Bolin	 I'm sorry, no, no! I didn't mean to assume. 'Cause I, you know, I was just figuring ... with your Water Tribe getup ... that you are ... a Water Tribe ... gal.
Korra	 Nope, you're right. I'm a waterbender. And a firebender.
Bolin	 Mm. Mm-hmm. I'm very confused right now.
Mako	 You're the Avatar,  and I'm an idiot.
Korra	 Both are true.
Bolin	 No ... way.  Th​e Avatar!
Bolin	 All right! Let's see what'cha got!
Bolin	That was great! Good power! But in a real match, you'd be a sitting turtle duck.  Not so upright and flatfooted!  Stay light on your toes, right up until the moment when you need to dig in and strike. Then ...  pop, pop!
Korra	 Okay, let me try it again.
Bolin	 Wow! Nice adjustment!  You're a natural at this.
Mako	 Not bad.
Korra	 What's it take to impress this guy?
Mako	" What? I said ""not bad"".  You know what, it's getting late.  I think I'm gonna turn in. You kids have fun.  Nice to meet you, Avatar Korra."
Korra	 Yeah, been a real pleasure.
Mako	 See ya upstairs, bro.
Korra	Upstairs?  You guys live here?
Bolin	 Yup. In the attic. It's nothin' fancy, but we have some great views!  So, back to bending. Why don't you throw that combo one more time?
Tenzin	 Patience, Korra!
Tenzin	 That was a two-thousand-year-old historical treasure!  What ...  What is wrong with you?!
Korra	 There's nothing wrong with m​e! I've been practicing just like you taught me, but it isn't sinking in, okay?  It hasn't clicked like you said it would!
Tenzin	 Korra, this isn't something you can force. If you would only listen to me ...
Korra	 I have been! But you know what I think? Maybe the problem isn't me! Maybe the reason I haven't learned airbending yet is because  you're a terrible teacher!
Meelo	 Yeah! You're a terrible teacher, Daddy!
Pema	 Okay! Everyone here?  Wait. Where's Korra?
Tenzin	 Honestly, Pema, I am at my wit's end with that girl! I ... I don't know how to get through to her!
Pema	 Dear, the best thing you can do right now is to give Korra some space.
Tenzin	 You must promise me that your teenage years won't be like this!
Jinora	 I will make no such promises.
Korra	 I didn't miss your match, did I? You guys look like you lost already.
Bolin	 We might as well have.
Mako	 Hasook's a no-good no-show!
Referee	 You got two minutes to come out ready to play, or you're disqualified. 
Mako	 Well, there goes our shot at the tournament ... and the winnings.
Korra	 Can't you ask one of those guys to fill in?
Bolin	Nah. The rules say you can only compete on one team.
Korra	Well, then ...  how about me? I'm a top-notch waterbender,  if I do say so myself.
Bolin	But, you're the Avatar.  Isn't that cheating?
Korra	 It isn't cheating if I only do waterbending.
Mako	No way. I'd rather forfeit than look like a fool out there.
Korra	 Wow, thanks for the vote of confidence.
Referee	 Time's up. You in or out?
Korra	 We're in!
Mako	 We are?
Bolin	 Yes!
Mako	 Hey, I didn't agree to this!
Korra	You can thank me later. 
Mako	 This girl is crazy.
Shiro Shinobi	 Looks like the Fire Ferrets have ferreted out a last minute replacement waterbender.  Let's see if she's another diamond in the rough like the brothers from the school of hard knocks!
Mako	 Don't do anything too fancy or aggressive.  In fact, don't do anything. Just try not to get knocked off the ring.
Korra	You got it, captain.
Referee	 Players! Are you ready?
Korra	 Woohoo! Man overboard!
Referee	 Fire Ferret waterbender, penalty! Move back one zone!
Korra	 What? Why?
Mako	 You're only allowed to knock players off the back of the ring! Not over the sides!
Korra	 Oh. Whoops.
Shiro Shinobi	 And we're back in action after that hiccup, but I'm not so sure this replacement player knows what she's doing.
Referee	 Foul! Over the line! Move back to zone three!
Korra	 Urgh!  I'll show you over the line!
Shiro Shinobi	 The Platypus Bears take round one!  The Platypus Bears know a green player when they see one, and they are focusing the brunt of their bending on this poor girl!
Shiro Shinobi	 Wait a minute! Did that waterbender just earthbend?
Referee	 Foul! I ... think.
Shiro Shinobi	 Did I see that right?  Hold on, folks, we're just waiting for the referee's official call, but ...  I-I think this replacement player could be ... no, there's no way!
Tenzin	 Pardon me, everyone, have you seen Korra this evening? She's not in her room.
Shiro Shinobi	 You've gotta be kidding me!  She's the Avatar, folks!  Playing in a pro-bending match!  Can you believe that?
Tenzin	 I'll get her myself!
Referee	 The Avatar will be permitted to continue so long as she solely bends water!
Platypus Bears	 Awww!
Shiro Shinobi	 This girl may be the Avatar, but she's no pro-bender and the Platypus Bears are intent on exploiting that weakness!
Shiro Shinobi	 They're giving her their best, and her best ain't good enough to stop it!
Shiro Shinobi	 Aaaaand she's in the drink.
Korra	 Oh, hey, Tenzin. I thought you didn't like coming to these matches.
Tenzin	Once again, you have flagrantly disobeyed my orders. You were to stay on the island! Let's go.
Korra	 No! I'm kind of in the middle of something.
Tenzin	 I have tried my very best to get through to you by being gentle and patient,  but clearly the only thing you respond to is force! So I am ordering you to come back to the temple right now!
Korra	 Why? So I can sit around and meditate about how bad I am at airbending?  You know, I'm beginning to think there's a reason I haven't been able to learn it! Because, maybe, I don't even need it!
Tenzin	What? That is a ludicrous suggestion!  The Avatar needs to learn airbending! It is not optional!
Korra	 No! This is what I need to learn! Modern styles of fighting!
Tenzin	 Being the Avatar isn't all about fighting, Korra!  When will you learn that?
Korra	 I have a match to go finish.
Ring announcer	 The Platypus Bears win round two!  Round three!
Shiro Shinobi	 The Platypus Bears come out of the gate and quickly go after the Ferret brothers! They're corralled in the corner, wedged in the edge of zone one, unable to come to the Avatar's rescue! And boy, does she need it!
Shiro Shinobi	 Looks like the Avatar's pro-bending debut is going to be cut short! She's been pushed back to zone three, and the water is calling her name!
Shiro Shinobi	 It's only a matter of time before ...
Shiro Shinobi	 Hold the phone! Stop the presses! She's still in the game, folks! And she's moving like an entirely different player! All of a sudden, the Platypus Bears' strikes are only striking air!
Tenzin	 How about that?
Shiro Shinobi	 The Platypus Bears have no juice left, but Mako and Bolin are still fresh and juicy!
Shiro Shinobi	 Knockout!
Tenzin	Woohoo!
Shiro Shinobi	 The Fire Ferrets come from waaay behind and steal the win!  What an upset, folks! The rookies, Avatar in tow,  have nabbed a place in the championship tournament! I can not believe it!
Korra and Bolin	Hahaha, yeah! Yes!
Mako	 Korra ... what can I say? You really came alive in that last round. The way you dodged their attacks ... you are a natural.
Korra	Thanks, but I can't take all the credit.  Someone else taught me those moves.
Korra	 I'm really sorry ... about everything I said.  I was really frustrated with myself,  and I took it out on you.
Tenzin	 I think I owe you an apology too. I was trying to teach you about patience, but I lost mine.
Korra	 No hard feelings?
Tenzin	 Of course not. By the way, you were really good out there tonight.  You moved just like an airbender!
Korra	 Wait ...  You stayed and watched?
Tenzin	 I did. Pro-bending turned out to be the perfect teaching tool for you.
Korra	 I'll see you tomorrow for airbending practice, bright and early!  And, by the way, I kinda permanently joined the Fire Ferrets and we're playing in the tournament in a couple of weeks!
