Shiro Shinobi	 The Red Lotus has captured the Avatar. Korra gave herself up in exchange for the airbenders, but Zaheer double crossed her, while Ghazan trapped Team Avatar at the temple. All seems lost until Bolin saved their lives by lavabending. But he's not the only one with new skills. Zaheer unlocked the ancient airbending ability of flight. Will Team Avatar save the Air Nation and Korra before it's too late?
Korra	 When I get out of here, none of you will survive!
Zaheer	You won't get out, unless the Metal Clan has taught you a way to bend platinum.  Once we administer this poison, your body will naturally react, forcing you into the Avatar State in an effort to keep you alive. Sadly for you, you'll be entering it for the last time.
Korra	 No! The Avatar Cycle.
Zaheer	 Yes. When we dispatch you in the Avatar State, the cycle will end.  So we lucky few, this band of brothers and sisters in anarchy, are witnessing the beginning of an era of true freedom. Together, we will forge a world without kings and queens, without borders or nations, where Man's only allegiance is to himself and those he loves. We will return to the true balance of natural order. And though you will never again be reborn, your name will echo throughout history: Korra, the last Avatar.
Opal	Did you find any way to escape?
Jinora	No. Not yet. But don't worry, we'll find a way out soon.
Daw	They might not make it that long. 
Ikki	Korra will come and save us, right?
Jinora	I think we're gonna have to do this on our own.
Zaheer	Administer the poison.
Zaheer	Get ready. As soon as she's in the Avatar State, take her out.
Ghazan	Wait. Why isn't she staying in the Avatar State?
Zaheer	Give it time. She can't resist for long.
Kai	The place where I saw them taking the airbenders is around here.
Mako	That's got to be where they took Korra.
Kai	 That's it. Down there, Lefty.
Tenzin	Find the airbenders, and my family.
Suyin	Don't worry. I'm not coming out without our children and the rest of your people.
Zaheer	It's working.
Amon	I told you, Korra.  The world doesn't need you anymore.
Unalaq	 The time of the Avatar is over, Korra. Give up.
Vaatu	 You're too weak to resist, and I'm stronger than ever. There's no use fighting. Let go.
Amon, Unalaq, and Vaatu	Let go. Let go. Let go.
Ikki	I'm thirsty!
Meelo	I gotta go pee.
Daw	Me too.
Red Lotus sentry #1	Hey! Keep it down over there, or you're all gonna end up like them. 
Pema	Sir, please. We just ask some water. There are children, and a baby here.
Red Lotus sentry #1	Oh, so you just called me over to attack me? Fine! Now nobody gets any water.  I don't know how we ended up in daycare while everyone else gets to watch the Avatar being destroyed. I can hold a bowl of poison!
Red Lotus sentry #2	Hey! What do you think you're doing?!
Opal	Mom!
Suyin	 Oh, honey, I'm so glad you're safe.
Bolin	 Me too. 
Jinora	 You're alive!  I can't believe it.
Kai	Why? Just because I was blown out of the sky, and fell hundreds of feet down a cliff? Don't you know it takes more than that to get rid of me? 
Lin	We have to get these two out of here now. They don't look so good.
Bumi	What are you talking about? I feel great! 
Tonraq	You guys get everyone out of here. I'll search for Korra.
Mako	We're going with you.
Jinora	You don't have to search for her. I know exactly where she's being held.
Zaheer	Now! Destroy the Avatar!
Tonraq	Korra!
Tonraq	We have to help her.
Bolin	 Look out!
Mako	 You help Korra, we got this.
Ikki	Daddy!
Tenzin	Oh, thank goodness you're all right. 
Pema	Honey, are you okay?
Tenzin	I'll be fine.
Tonraq	We have to help Korra.
Bolin	What are you smiling about?
Ghazan	I was just remembering the last time we fought. 
Bolin	 Well, a lot has changed since then.
Ghazan	So that's how you got out of the temple. Not bad. Let's see what you got!
Zaheer	You can't fight me and the poison.
Kai	I can fly up on my bison to help her.
Lin	You'd never be able to keep up with Zaheer. He's too powerful.
Kai	We have to do something!
Bumi	How can he fly like that?
Tenzin	He's unlocked powers of airbending that haven't existed for thousands of years.
Jinora	There haven't been this many airbenders in one place for a long time either. We have power together.  Hurry, everyone form a circle! Follow me.
Mako	You have no water. It's over.
Ming-Hua	Not yet.
Ming-Hua	Now it's over!
Bolin	Give up, Ghazan! You can't win.
Ghazan	I'm never going back to prison. If I'm going down today, you're coming with me!
Bolin	Mako, hang on!
Zaheer	The poison has done its work. The Avatar Cycle will be over momentarily.
Tonraq	Korra. Sweetheart. It's me, Dad. Please hang on.
Lin	What are you laughing about?
Zaheer	You're too late! The poison has been in her system too long. The Red Lotus has won!
Jinora	 You can save her! The poison is metallic!
Korra	Dad. You're alive.
Tonraq	I'm here for you.  I'm never gonna let you go.
Zaheer	No! No! You don't understand! The revolution has already begun. Chaos is the natural order of- 
Bolin	 See what I did there? I put a sock in him, literally.
Opal	Classic Bolin.
Bolin	I do what I do.
Asami	There you go. All fixed up for a formal Avatar appearance.  Take a look.
Korra	 It's great. Thanks.
Asami	 You know, nobody expects you to bounce back right away. It's only been two weeks. You need time to heal.  I want you to know that I'm here for you. If you ever want to talk, or, anything. But let's just try to enjoy this today; for Jinora.
Korra	You're right.  Okay, let's go.
Tonraq	 You look beautiful, sweetie. 
Tenzin	You're looking stronger everyday, Korra.
Raiko	I'd like to officially welcome you back to Republic City. I know that the last time we saw each other, it didn't end on the best terms. But I want to thank you for taking down those Red Lotus terrorists.
Asami	We should go inside.
Ikki	 I-I can help.
Meelo	 I want to ride with Korra.  Jinora's already inside. Smells like shoe trees.
Ikki	 Sandalwood, Meelo.
Lin	I got this.  Hang in there, kid. 
Raiko	She's not looking good.
Tonraq	Neither would you if you'd gone through what she had.
Tenzin	She'll be fine. She just needs time to heal. The poison took a great toll.
Raiko	Of course. I'm just saying, with the Earth Kingdom in complete disarray since the loss of the Queen ...
Zuko	And even with Zaheer locked up again, we still don't know how many Red Lotus members might be out there, hiding.
Raiko	Exactly. With the world getting more and more dangerous, we need the Avatar now more than ever. Who will protect us while she's in a wheelchair?
Tenzin	Jinora, come forward.  Today, we welcome the first airbending master in a generation. And I couldn't be more proud of my daughter.  When the existence of our people was threatened, when the Avatar's life hung in the balance, Jinora never gave up hope. Thanks to her leadership, I see a very bright future for the Air Nation. Of course, there would be no Air Nation without Avatar Korra: she opened the portals and somehow the world began anew for us. And she was even willing to lay down her own life in order to protect ours. There's no way we can ever repay her for all she's done. But we can follow her example of service and sacrifice. So while she recuperates, the Air Nation will reclaim its nomadic roots and roam the earth.  But unlike our ancestors, we will serve people of all nations, working wherever there is corruption and discord to restore balance and peace. Avatar Korra, I vow that we will do everything in our power to follow in your footsteps and bring harmony to the world.  Now, let us anoint the master who will help lead us in our new path.
