Pema	Tenzin, are you sure you can't go with them?
Tenzin	Raiko asked me to stay here and help figure out a diplomatic solution to this Kuvira problem.
Ikki	Mom, we'll be fine. Grandpa Aang and his friends were around our age when they traveled the world.
Pema	 Well, at least I don't have to worry about you starving out there.
Meelo	Mom, we're going to be out in the wild, living off the land! We don't need your food! 
Pema	But I made your favorite treat ...
Meelo	 Sweet buns with happy faces on them?  Well, I guess we're not officially on the road yet.  Aww, this one is smudged.  I can't eat this.
Pema	You know, sometimes things get smudged in the wild.
Tenzin	We're you able to get a read on Korra yet?
Jinora	No, but once we're further out, I'll be able to hone in on her spiritual energy. We should be able to find her within a few days.
Tenzin	 Good luck! And be careful! Remember, Jinora's in charge!
Meelo	I answer to no man. Or girl, even if she does have tattoos.
Tenzin	 Meelo ...
Meelo	Now let's move out, soldiers!
Jinora	 Ugh ... Pepper, yip-yip! 
Meelo	Finally! I've been holding my pee for an hour!
Ikki	 If you get through to Korra, tell her I said hi.  You feel anything yet?  What's taking so long?
Jinora	 Ikki, I can't concentrate if you keep talking.
Jinora	Why don't you go play with some of those spirits?
Ikki	 Jinora's spirity powers are broken, and she doesn't know where Korra is.
Jinora	My powers are not broken. I just need more than two seconds and some quiet.
Meelo	While you try to pull yourself together, Poki and I are gonna go into town and find out if anyone has seen Korra.
Ikki	 Sounds like a good plan to me!
Meelo	 Enough chit-chat, you can hold the picture of Korra I drew. 
Ikki	 Wow, I didn't know you could draw!
Meelo	 You don't know a lot of things about me, sister.  Let's roll!
Meelo	Have you seen this woman? 
Meelo	[Annoyed.] I'm not adorable! I'm dangerous.
Ikki	[Teasing her brother.] Aww.
Meelo	 This. Never. Happened. Let's split.
Ikki	Man ...
Meelo	Can I trust you?
Tuyen	I guess so.
Meelo	I'm on a top secret mission to find the Avatar.  Have you seen her?
Tuyen	I haven't, sorry. Top secret mission, huh?
Meelo	 Yeah, it's been pretty dangerous. I've seen some things.
Tuyen	Really? What kind of things?
Meelo	Craaazy things.
Tuyen	Cool.
Meelo	"I'm Meelo. What should I call you, other than ""beautiful""?"
Tuyen	I'm Tuyen. Nice to meet you.
Ikki	 Ooh!  Meelo's got a girlfriend!
Meelo	 Go away, Ikki!
Ikki	 Jinora's been looking for you. We're moving on.
Tuyen	Looks like you got to get back to your mission.  Good luck. 
Meelo	 Thanks a lot, Ikki. You drove away the love of my life. 
Meelo	Jinora! Ikki! It's Korra!
Ikki	 Where?! Where?! Where?!
Jinora	 It's just a photo of Korra.
Meelo	At least it's something.
Fishmonger	Pretty neat, huh? She came by here, about uh, six months ago.
Meelo	 Looks like someone just strummed up a good-old-fashioned lead.  Then where did she go?
Meelo	[At his youngest sister.] Ikki, this is all your fault.
Ikki	What? I didn't do anything.
Meelo	Exactly!  You need to start pulling your weight!  That goes for you too, so-called leader! 
Ikki	Remember when he used to be so nice and sweet?
Jinora	No.
Korra	So ... what's the plan for today?
Toph	You're looking at it.
Korra	We didn't do anything yesterday, or the day before that.  I know! Tell me the story of how you taught Aang how to earthbend.
Toph	What's there to tell? I threw some rocks at the Avatar, he got all whiny and Sokka fell in a hole.
Korra	 I thought there'd be more to it than that.  What about the time you took down the Fire Lord? That must have been epic!
Toph	Oh yeah. It was hot. I was on a blimp. And I think a giant turtle showed up. Wow. What a day.
Korra	 Okay, you're terrible at telling stories.
Toph	You're terrible at listening to them!
Toph	Quit making all that racket! If you're so anxious to do something, why don't you collect some mushrooms for dinner?
Korra	 You got it.
Toph	Take the path until you see the boulder with the hole in it. Then go to your left. Oh, and make sure you get the big, slimy ones!  They're the tastiest!
Ikki	 Hey, where's all the food Mom gave us?
Meelo	I threw it in the river.
Ikki	You did what?! That food was supposed to last us two weeks!
Jinora	 Hey, keep it down! I'm trying to meditate.
Meelo	Yeah, keep it down, Ikki.
Ikki	 Meelo threw away all our food!
Meelo	From now on, we hunt for our meals.
Ikki	Meelo, we're vegetarians. We don't hunt!
Meelo	Enough whining. Poki and I will go find some grub.
Ikki	 My name is Meelo. I like to throw away food and fart at inappropriate moments.  I'm Jinora. I'm above it all because I'm meditating all the time.  Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't see you there.
Ikki	Wait! You dropped your breakfast!
Ikki	Hey!  Does this mean we're friends?
Outpost soldier #1	All right, little airbender. Tell us what you're doing in the Earth Empire. Are you spying?
Ikki	No! I swear I'm not a spy. I've been traveling with my brother and sister. It's our first big mission and my dad, Tenzin, is counting on us. But if we don't find the Avatar, he's gonna be really disappointed.
Outpost soldier #2	No, but try this macaroon! [Ikki puts her arm back into the ropes.]
Outpost soldier #2	You mean we get out of this dump? [Soldier #1 nods.]
Ikki	Why do you want to know?
Ikki	[Suspicious.] Where did you get those?
Ikki	My mom wrote those notes! That's our sack of food!
Ikki	Who cares ... I don't want to see them. I'd rather hang out here with you guys. Hit me with one of those macaroons.
Jinora	Are you okay?
Meelo	 Yep, totally fine!  I hope you're hungry, because we found some ...  We found some berries! 
Jinora	 Looks like you got some bad berries.  So much for living off the land.
Meelo	They're fine, I just ate too many of them because they're so ... so delicious.
Jinora	Did you run into Ikki while you were picking your poisonous berries?
Meelo	No, what? Did she run off or something?
Jinora	I think so.
Meelo	Great. Now I've got to go find the Avatar and her. This mission is getting worse by the day.
Jinora	 This isn't only your mission, Meelo. I thought we were doing this as a family.
Ikki	It seems pretty lonely out here. Where's everybody else?
Outpost soldier #2	He's just upset because Kuvira's taking all the troops to Zaofu and we had to stay here.
Ikki	It's tough to be left out, huh? I know exactly what you're going through.
Ikki	Yeah. My brother and sister are always leaving me out of fun stuff. I mean, we're supposed to be looking for the Avatar together, but they won't even let me help.
Ikki	[Pulls her arms from the ropes; the soldiers do not seem to care.] We've been traveling down the west coast, and the only lead we have is some guy who said he saw her six months ago.
Ikki	[Points to a large, green area on the map.] What about this place?
Outpost soldier #2	Don't get discouraged, Ikki. You're a valuable member of the team, and you have a big heart! I know you're going to find her. Now let's get you out of those ropes.
Meelo	You're welcome, Ikki.
Ikki	 Why did you do that?
Jinora	 We're saving you. Let's go.
Ikki	I had everything under control. I just found our food, and I have an idea where Korra is.
Jinora	You do? Then lets get going!
Ikki	Hold on.  Sorry my brother and sister knocked you out. Nice chatting with you!
Toph	[Startles Korra.] There you are. You got my dinner yet?
Korra	No ... this swamp ... it did crazy things to my mind. I had visions, of all the times my enemies hurt me.
Toph	 Yeah, I figured something like that might happen.
Korra	 What? You wanted me to see those visions? You are one twisted old lady, you know that?
Toph	Look, I know you want to get better. And so does the swamp! It can sense you're out of balance. It will teach you what you need to learn, if you're open to listening.
Korra	 Okay, swamp. I'm all ears.
Toph	You said you saw your past enemies. Now, why do you think that is?
Korra	I don't know. Because they made me and a lot of other people suffer.
Toph	Sounds like you're carrying around your former enemies, the same way you're still carrying around that metal poison. You maybe consider you could learn something from them?
Korra	 Sounds like the swamp is messing with your mind too.
Toph	My mind is just fine, thank you. Listen,  what did Amon want? Equality for all. Unalaq? He brought back the spirits. And Zaheer believed in freedom.
Korra	I guess ...
Toph	The problem was, those guys were totally out of balance and they took their ideologies too far.
Korra	Okay, fine. But that doesn't explain why they keep haunting me.
Toph	Because you need to face your fears. You can't expect to deal with future enemies if you're still fighting the old ones.
Korra	Maybe you're right, but how am I supposed to move on?
Toph	Boy, you Avatars sure need a lot of hand-holding. Get up! We're going to the banyan-grove tree.
Ikki	Those soldiers said there weren't any troops here and, I figure, if Korra's not feeling good, she might come to a spiritual place like this to get better.
Jinora	There is an enormous amount of spiritual activity here, but I don't feel Korra.
Meelo	Well, that's what we get for listening to Ikki.
Ikki	Guys! We just got here. Let's at least look around.
Jinora	I'm sorry, Ikki, but I'm with Meelo on this. I don't think we're going to find her here. Let's go Pepper!
Meelo	Why did those stupid vines pull us in here anyway?
Ikki	Because they want us here. I'm telling you, Korra has got to be close.
Jinora	I don't know, Ikki, I still don't sense Korra.
Ikki	 Well, you haven't sensed her the entire time we've been looking for her!
Meelo	Next time I go on a mission, it's going to be boys only. Just Poki and me.
Korra	It's beautiful.
Toph	The roots of the banyan-grove tree spread out for miles in every direction, connecting this whole swamp. Your problem is, you've been disconnected for too long. Disconnected from the people who love you and disconnected from yourself.
Meelo	 I'm tired of listening to you!
Jinora	 Korra! I know where Korra is!
Korra	I can't believe it! I saw Jinora, Ikki and Meelo, they're here!
Toph	 Good. Hopefully they're here to take you home.
Ikki	We missed you so much, Korra.
Korra	I missed you so much, too. How did you find me all the way out here?
Ikki	Jinora sensed your energy.
Jinora	But we never would have been here if it weren't for Ikki.
Ikki	I never would have stormed off and run into those soldiers if it weren't for Meelo.
Meelo	I was trying to toughen up these ladies, but I guess it was a team effort.
Ikki	I love your hair.
Meelo	It's so you.
Korra	I'm so sorry. This is Meelo, Jinora, and Ikki. Aang and Katara's grandchildren.
Toph	Your grandpa was a real pain in my butt.
Meelo	Wait a minute. Cranky? Old? Blind? You must be Toph!
Toph	 Oh, I like this one.
Jinora	 You need to come home, Korra. Kuvira is taking over the Earth Kingdom.
Ikki	You have to stop her.
Korra	I don't know ... I'm not the Avatar I used to be. I can't even go into the Avatar State.
Ikki	Please, Korra.
Jinora	The world needs you back.
Korra	All right. I'm ready.
Toph	I'm not bending it out of you. You've got to do this on your own.
Toph	Close your eyes. Clear your mind. And don't freak out, like last time! Now, focus your energy. Find the metal. Let it move through you body.
Toph	That fight is over. Release the fear.
Toph	Well done, Korra.
Meelo	 The Avatar is back in business!
Korra	 I feel so much lighter. Thank you so much for helping me. I'd like to give you a hug now, if that's okay with you.
Toph	 All right, you earned it. 
Toph	Finally, some peace and quiet.
