Shiro Shinobi	 Korra is safely back in Republic City, but Bolin and Varrick are still on the lam! Weeks ago, Korra removed the remaining poison from her body, but the memory of Zaheer's attack still torments her and, after being defeated by Kuvira, she questions if she will ever fully recover. Meanwhile, Kuvira has been secretly harvesting spirit vines from the swamp, but how close is she to completing her spirit energy weapon?
Ryu	Everyone! Mom! Can we stay together, please? The tour is about to begin.
Ryu's mother	That's my boy. Ryu, he used to live in the basement, but then he got airbending, and he's been doing important Air Nation stuff all over the world.  His father and I are here, visiting him and, we're just having the best time in the big city, we're so proud. Right, honey?
Ryu's father	Well, at least he has a job now.
Ryu	 Mom, Dad, I'm trying to work!
Ryu	 Fun fact, everyone. All these vines were created by UnaVaatu when he battled giant spirit Korra for the fate of the world.
Tourist #1	 Excuse me, are we in the Spirit World right now?
Ryu	 No.
Tourist #1	 Is the Spirit World in the ground below us?
Ryu	 No! Can I just get through my cards?
Ryu's mother	 Aw, honey, don't get flustered.
Ryu	 I'm not!
Tourist #1	Uhh, why is that vine coming toward us?
Ryu	 Uh ... I don't see anything about that in the cards.
Tourist #1	 I'm gonna poke it with a stick.
Ryu	No! Why would you do that?
Ryu	Everyone back!
Ryu's mother	This tour is exciting!
Ryu's mother	 Isn't Ryu the best airbender ever?
Korra	Everything okay?
Opal	No. Kuvira has my family and no one seems to care but me.
Korra	 We all care. Don't worry, we'll get them back safely.
Jinora	Guys, there you are! I just felt a weird surge of spiritual energy coming from the Spirit Wilds. Something's wrong.
Opal	Are you sure you felt a disturbance? Maybe you just had some bad food for breakfast.
Jinora	 I'm telling you, I felt it. Maybe something happened to Ryu's tour group. We should've run into them by now.
Korra	Yeah, but it's Ryu. They might be at the mall, for all we know.
Jinora	Korra, can't you feel how strange the energy is?
Korra	No ... but maybe I can get a reading.
Opal	 Korra, what is it? Are you okay?
Korra	It was Kuvira. I saw her taking vines from the swamp. It must be affecting our Spirit Wilds. I bet that's what you were sensing, Jinora.
Jinora	Why is she taking vines?
Korra	Whatever the reason, I'm sure it's not good.
Opal	We have to tell Raiko. This might help him convince the other leaders to finally take her down!
Jinora	I'll keep looking for Ryu and the others.
Raiko	 I say we deal with this Kuvira situation immediately.
Wu	 Yes! Agreed! And I know just how to get rid of her: we tell her she won an all-expense paid vacation to a tropical island. Then, when she gets there, we reveal that it was a trap. The island's a prison! Boom! Got her!  Or, okay, uh, I'm just spitballing here. We march in with an army of highly trained badgermoles!  Do we know if Kuvira has any allergies?
Raiko	Look, I think we all know what must be done. We take the fight to her.
Tenzin	 I don't believe attacking is the right move, since she hasn't done anything aggressive toward the United Republic.
Lin	Not yet. But Kuvira can't be trusted. She told us that she was going to turn over power and she didn't. I'm with Raiko. I say we go on the offensive and start by retaking Zaofu.
Korra	President Raiko, I'm sorry to interrupt, but ...  What's going on here?
Wu	 Oh, hey, Avatar Korra. Just kickin' it world leader-style, trying to figure out what to do about Kuvira. For the record, I told Raiko he should've invited you.
Korra	 You invited him,  but not me?
Tenzin	Please, Korra, it's not personal. We just thought, perhaps we called you back into action a little too soon.
Korra	Again, him, not me?!
Raiko	 Korra, we're in the middle of a meeting and we can't have people just barge in whenever they want!
Bolin	Guys!  Oh,  perfect! You're all here.
Opal and Mako	 Bolin? 
Raiko	 What are you doing here?! Guards, remove these traitors!
Bolin	 No! We escaped Kuvira's army!  We're back on your side now!  We have top secret information for you!
Varrick	 Okay, I guess we should've opened with that line.
Bolin	Listen to me. Kuvira's making this thing that goes  I don't know how it works, but it has this 
Varrick	 It's a super weapon! Like a regular weapon, only super.
Korra	 And let me guess: it has something to do with spirit vines.
Varrick	 Yes! How did you know?
Korra	I saw a vision of her taking spirit vines from the swamp.
Varrick	If she figures out how to harness their power, we are all doomed.
Raiko	 She might use the weapon to attack Republic City. The only way to protect ourselves is with a preemptive strike.
Tenzin	 My airbenders won't be part of an unprovoked attack!
Izumi	Neither will the Fire Nation. 
Raiko	 But, Fire Lord Izumi, Kuvira is a threat to the world! She has to be stopped!
Izumi	 The Fire Nation has spent too much of its history  fighting nonsense wars.  And I refuse to drag my nation into another one  unless there is no other choice.  If you attack Kuvira, you'll do it without my army.
Raiko	Fine. I'll hold off any plans of attack. We'll go on the defensive and fortify security on the borders.
Izumi	In that,  you'll have my help.
Bolin	Opal, wait! Please,  I just want to say that I'm sorry for everything.
Opal	" I'm glad you're okay, but it's a little late for ""sorry""."
Bolin	I know, I know.  I didn't listen to you, and I  sided with Kuvira, and I helped her take over the Earth Kingdom, and topple your home, and get your  mom captured, and  your brothers, and your dad ...  Wow, that does sound really bad when I say it out loud like that. But I'm gonna make it up to you.
Lin	Pardon me, lovebirds, but I need a word with Opal.  Privately.  I'm sorry, kid, but Raiko couldn't convince the other leaders to attack Kuvira.
Opal	So our family ...
Lin	Looks like we're going to have to save them ourselves.
Opal	Don't you think some other people would agree to go with us?
Lin	This is an unsanctioned and dangerous mission into enemy territory. We can't ask other people to risk their necks for our family. If we want to break them out, we'll have to do it alone.
Mako	Bolin, I'm so glad you're back. I was worried about you.
Korra	We all were. 
Bolin	Thanks, guys. Mako, I'm so sorry about the way we left things. I'm such an idiot. You tried to warn me about Kuvira and I ran off anyway, like an idiot. You were right and I'm just an idiot. I hope ... that ... I'll be able to earn your trust again.
Korra	If anyone has lost people's trust, it's me. Ever since Kuvira kicked my butt, no one even wants me around.
Mako	 We want you around.  And Bolin, you're not an idiot. You were just doing what you thought was right.
Bolin	Aww, I love you guys. And I really wanna hug again. 
Jinora	Korra! The vines! They're taking me! Help!
Lin	Get everyone out of here. Put up a perimeter. Cancel all tours. Somebody get a hold of Tenzin.
Korra	 We gotta get in there and find Jinora.
Lin	I don't think anyone should be going in there right now.
Korra	I know I'm not the old Avatar I used to be, but I can do this.
Lin	 Be careful.
Korra	Jinora!
Mako	Hello, anyone?  Wait. Do you hear that?
Korra	Come on!
Mako	Korra, look.  What are those? 
Korra	It's Jinora and the rest of them. Their spirits are trapped in the Spirit World.
Mako	 Let's get them out.
Korra	 Don't! You'll provoke the vines. Let me try.  They won't open.  Maybe if I meditate into the Spirit World, I can free them.
Korra	Wait ... this isn't the Spirit World.
Korra	Zaheer! No!
Zaheer	You can't fight me and the poison!
Korra	 No ... I got it out!
Zaheer	You'll never get it out!
Mako	Korra! What's wrong?
Korra	 It's Zaheer.
Mako	What are you talking about?
Korra	He's been haunting me ever since I fought him. I can't get any peace. It's like he's blocking me from meditating into the Spirit World. 
Mako	I'm here for you. What do you need?
Korra	I want to face Zaheer.
Tenzin	 Korra, he's too dangerous. Even when he's locked up, he can't be trusted.
Korra	I need to if I wanna save Jinora and the others. There's no other way.
Tenzin	There is another way. I'm calling your father. He can lead an expedition into the Spirit World from the Southern portal.
Korra	 You've lost faith in me, too, haven't you?  No one thinks I'm capable of anything anymore.
Tenzin	 It's not that at all.
Korra	 I know I can do this.
Tenzin	I'm just so worried for Jinora. I can't imagine if something happened to you, too.
Korra	 Tenzin, please. I'll be okay.
Tenzin	 Zaheer's imprisoned deep in the mountains outside the city. I'll call Raiko and get the clearance.
Korra	 Thank you.
Bolin	Pab-pabs, where are you?  Pabu! Oh, I missed you so much!  So, I don't know if you've heard, but Opal's kind of mad at me. I was hoping ... you could help me win her back.  Awesome! Yes, I have an idea.
Opal	Hello, Pabu.  Well, it's good to see you, too.  What do you got there?
Bolin	Opal, you made it!
Opal	What's this?
Bolin	A picnic, just for the two of us! Well, the three of us. Sorry, Pabs.
Opal	So, this note Pabu brought me saying you broke both of your legs was just a ruse?
Bolin	Maybe ... but now that you're here, don't you want to just sit back, relax, try some of my homemade steam buns  —Pema's recipe—and watch Pabu do some of his world-famous backflips for entertainment? Ha-hah!
Opal	 Oh. Steam buns. My favorite. This will totally make me forget that you worked for Kuvira, the person who captured my family and is probably torturing them right now. So yeah, let's just sit down and have a great picnic because we're so in love!  I'm sorry you had to see that, Pabu. 
Raiko	Thank you both for coming.
Varrick	It's nice to be welcomed back with open arms.
Raiko	Actually, I brought you here out of necessity. It's no secret I never liked you. Especially after you tried to have me kidnapped.
Varrick	Allegedly.
Asami	" Right. Everything you do is ""allegedly"". Like when you took over my company and bombed the Southern Water Tribe Cultural Center!"
Varrick	I own that building! A man has a right to blow up his own property!
Raiko	Right now, I need you to put aside your differences. If Kuvira really is creating a super weapon, we're going to need the two brightest minds in the city working together to stop it.
Varrick	What do you say, Asami?  Partners again?
Asami	 Fine. I'll help.  But don't even think about double-crossing me again. 
Mako	Are you sure you're ready for this?
Korra	Yes. I think if I see Zaheer chained up, I'll finally realize that he's not a threat anymore.
White Lotus guard	Approach the wall. 
Korra	No. I need to do this alone.
Zaheer	I figured you would show up sooner or later. So ... you must really be in trouble if you came all the way down here to see me.
Korra	I came here to look you in the eye and tell you that you have no power over me. I will no longer be scared of you.
Zaheer	 I guess it didn't work. You still seem scared.
Korra	This was a mistake. 
Zaheer	I know why you're here.
Korra	You don't know anything about me!
Zaheer	You can't go into the Spirit World. I spend most of my time in the Spirit World and it's well known that the Avatar's spirit hasn't been there for a few years.
Korra	You can meditate into the Spirit World from here? Doesn't feel very spiritually charged.
Zaheer	This is your problem. Republic City is flowing with spiritual energy and you can't even tap into it.
Korra	No, my problem is you! You poisoned me! You've ruined me! People used to think I was unstoppable, but now they don't think I'm capable of anything!
Zaheer	Blaming me is a crutch to make you feel better, but it's not helping you recover.
Korra	I thought seeing you face-to-face would put an end to all of this. But maybe it's time I realize I'll never be the same.
Zaheer	Neither of us are the same as before. I learned to fly, but now I'm bound in chains. You have all the power in the world and the freedom to use it, but you choose to hold yourself down.
Korra	I'm not holding myself down, but my powers have limits!
Zaheer	You're wrong. That poison should've killed you, but you were able to fight it off. You think your power has limits; I say, it's limitless.
Korra	Whatever. Before, you were always talking about chaos and freedom. Then you took out the Earth Queen and created the worst dictator the Earth Kingdom has ever seen. Thanks for that!
Zaheer	I've heard rumors about her, but I didn't know she achieved so much power. She needs to be stopped.
Korra	Well, I can't stop her unless I get over this block.
Zaheer	I think I can help. Let me lead you into the Spirit World.
Korra	No way. I can't trust you.
Zaheer	Maybe not. But if you had any other options, you wouldn't be here now, would you? We may have been enemies once, but for now, our interests align.
Korra	I've come this far. What have I got to lose? 
Zaheer	 Focus on the sound of my voice and clear your mind.  Let it play out.
Korra	I can't!
Zaheer	You can. Accept what happened to you. Don't fear what might have been.
Korra	I have no control!
Zaheer	 Don't be afraid. Hold on!
Korra	I made it ... and you led me here. Do you know where Jinora and the others are?
Zaheer	No, but you do.
Korra	Raava, I missed you. Where have you been?
Raava	I have always been inside of you.
Korra	Can you help me find Jinora?  How do I release their spirits?
Raava	You must bend the energy within.
Korra	But I'm powerless in the Spirit World.
Raava	No. You're most powerful here. In the Spirit World, you're connected to all the spiritual energy.
Ryu	Ugh ... I feel all spirity.
Jinora	 Dad!
Tenzin	I'm so glad you're safe. What happened? How did you get out?
Jinora	Korra saved us.
Mako	So ... how are you doing?
Korra	I feel ... whole again. I feel good.
Mako	Do you think you're finally able to forget about what Zaheer did to you?
Korra	No. But I am finally able to accept what happened and I think that's gonna make me stronger.
Bolin	Where are you going?
Opal	We've got some family business to take care of.
Bolin	All right, listen. Before you go, I just want to tell you that I understand how you feel. I know there is nothing I could do or no big gesture that could make up for all my mistakes, but that doesn't mean I'm gonna stop trying to win you back because ... I love you.
Opal	Thanks for saying all of that.  You know ... there is one thing you could do to win me back.
Bolin	 What is it? Yes, I'll do anything!
Opal	 Come on a secret mission with us.
Bolin	Where to?
Opal	Zaofu. We're going to rescue my family. 
