Shiro Shinobi	 The Avatar has gone missing. After President Raiko refused Korra's request to aid the South in the war of the Water Tribes, she headed to the Fire Nation, seeking a new ally against Unalaq. But unbeknownst to her friends, a dark spirit attacked Korra and dragged her into the ocean. She has washed up on a desolate island with no memory of who she is.
Female Sage	We found the Avatar washed up onshore, but she doesn't remember anything.
Korra	 Raava. Raava. Raava.
Shaman	 A dark energy has infected her. We must purge it before it destroys her Avatar Spirit.  Let the waters cleanse the darkness that plagues your spirit.
Korra	Who are you?
Korra's image	I am you.
Korra	Who am I?
Aang's image	 You are the Avatar.
Korra	I don't know what that is.
Roku's image	 In order to remember, you must regain your connection with your Avatar Spirit.
Kyoshi's image	 If you don't, darkness will engulf the world. You will die, and our era will end.
Korra	How do I regain my connection?
Kuruk's image	 Go back.  Return to the beginning. Find Raava. 
Korra	 Are you Raava?
Wan's image	 No, but I can help you find her. My name is Wan, and I will show you how I became the first Avatar.
Little Chou	 Nobody steals from the Chou brothers!
Wan	Really? Because I just did.
Big Chou	You're dead, Wan. 
Wan	 Actually, I feel quite alive.
Little Chou	Hey, stop!
Wan	 He-he-hey, fellas!  You're just in time for lunch! 
Little Chou	 I told you no one steals from us.
Jaya	 Did you steal from the Chous again?
Wan	 Yeah, and I got to nothing show for it except a few dirty rolls and a whole lot of bruises.  Hey, Yao, I got some food for you. 
Yao	Mmm. Delicious!  Thank you, Wan.
Wan	You guys are hungry too, huh? 
Jaya	Wan, you should eat.
Wan	 They need it more than I do.  Besides, I'm tired of eating scraps.  If only there was some way to get into the Chous' food cellar. We'd be eating like, well, like Chous.
Jaya	If Chou the Elder catches you sneaking into his palace, you'll end up dead. Or worse, he'll banish you to the Spirit Wilds.
Yao	No, don't get banished.  You don't want nothing to do with those spirits. They'll get inside ya, scramble up your mind, turn you into this , a monster! 
Jaya	Don't do anything crazy, Wan. You just gotta accept the world is the way it is. Some people have power. Some people don't. And you don't.
Wan	 Not yet, anyway.
Huntsman	Are you strong?  Are you fearless? Do you have what it takes to battle the spirits? Then join the hunt.
Wan	Count me in. 
Huntsman	We're going to be out in the wilds for a week. You wouldn't last two seconds.
Wan	 I can handle myself.  We all get fire, right?
Huntsman	Yeah, but do you know how to use it?
Wan	Well, not exactly, but I-
Hunter #2	 Ah, let him come. Not like we got any other volunteers lining up. 
Huntsman	 All right. Welcome to the hunt.
Wan	 The lion turtle.
Huntsman	Great guardian of our city, we are venturing into the Spirit Wilds to bring back food for our people. Please, grant us the power of fire.
Lion turtle	 The power is yours to keep until your return.
Huntsman	You're first, kid.
Lion turtle	May the element of fire protect you against the spirits.
Huntsman	Just make sure you aim at the spirits, not us, okay?
Wan	Sure thing.
Huntsman	Everyone, stay close. Spirits love to pick off stragglers.
Wan	Uh, guys?  I don't think I can do this.
Huntsman	Now, quit your whining. We haven't even seen a spirit yet.
Wan	 I think I wanna go home.
Huntsman	 I knew you were nothing but a sniveling coward. Go give your fire back to the lion turtle,  and don't ever show your face around me again.
Jaya	Wan, you're back.
Yao	 What goodies did you snatch for us this time?
Jaya	 What did you do? You can't steal from the lion turtle.
Wan	 Really?  Because I just did. 
Jaya	 You know it's forbidden to bring the power of the element into the city. Please, go back to the lion turtle and return the fire.
Wan	Jaya, it's time to stop being so afraid of the Chous and show them we have the power to change things.
Wan	Hey, Chous! Open the gate, and let us in.
Chou the Elder	What are those filthy peasants  doing here?
Big Chou	Don't worry father. We'll take care of them.
Wan	 Hand over all the food you're hoarding,  and we won't give you any trouble.
Big Chou	 You're not getting past us.  We have the weapons.  You're powerless.
Wan	 Powerless, huh?
Wan	 Follow me!
Wan	 Grab as much food as you can. 
Jaya	 Maybe you're right.  Maybe we do have the power to change things.
Palace guard	Stop right there!
Jaya	 Looks like the Chous found backup.
Wan	 Get everyone out of here. I'll hold them off.
Little Chou	No, please! Have mercy!
Little Chou	Wan?
Little Chou	 Even when you have the power,  you're afraid to use it.
Chou the Elder	Tell me who else was involved in the rebellion, and I might take mercy on you.
Wan	 I'm not telling you anything.
Chou the Elder	 Then, you've left me no choice.  Wan, you are hereby banished.
Little Chou	Yeah!  And give back the fire you stole.
Wan	No! Wait. Great lion turtle, I am sorry for stealing the fire from you, and I accept my punishment. But please, I need to be able to protect myself in the wilds.
Lion turtle	 Never again may you return to this city.  But  I will allow you to keep the power of the element.
Yao	 Bet he doesn't last  till morning.
Frog spirit	Hey,  watch where you're stepping, human!
Wan	Who said that?
Frog spirit	Down here!  How'd you like it if I started walking all over you?
Wan	 You're just a little frog.
Frog spirit	 Who's little now? 
Wan	 Get off me! Get off me!
Aye-aye spirit	 You are not welcome in my oasis, human.
Wan	Please, help me. I'm starving and I haven't slept all night.
Aye-aye spirit	Not my problem.
Wan	 Let me pass. 
Aye-aye spirit	You dare use fire against me?  Now, be gone with you!
Aye-aye spirit	And who might you be?
Wan	 I am Bushy, the Bush Spirit. And I would like the enter your oasis.
Aye-aye spirit	 Very well.  You may pass.  Wait a second.  Something stinks.  I knew I smelled a human!
Wan	 Come on, let me in, just for a little while.
Aye-aye spirit	No! Go back to your lion turtle.
Wan	Believe me, I'd love to go back home. But I can't. I was kicked out.
Friendly spirit #1	That's too bad.
Friendly spirit #2	Poor human.
Aye-aye spirit	Don't pity him. He's just like every other human: ugly, destructive, and lacking any respect for nature.
Wan	Who are you calling ugly, Ugly?
Aye-aye spirit	 Mmm.
Friendly spirit #1	If you can't go back to your city, then you should go live in another one.
Wan	 What? There are other lion turtles?
Aye-aye spirit	" ""There are other lion turtles?""  Of course there are,  dozens of them! Boy, you humans are stupid, too."
Wan	So which way to the nearest lion turtle city?
Aye-aye spirit	 Hmm. I think it's on the other side of none-of-your-business valley. 
Wan	Real funny. You know what? I don't need your help. I'll find it myself.
Friendly spirit #2	 Good luck!
Wan	 It's okay. I'm gonna get you out of there.
Huntsman	Finally, we caught something.  Get it down.
Wan	Back off.
Huntsman	Wan? What are you doing here?
Wan	I'm saving this animal.
Huntsman	That animal's our dinner. Now, get out of the way.
Wan	No!
Hunter #3	Ahh! He-help! Help! 
Hunter #4	 Get 'em off! Get 'em off!  Ahh!
Huntsman	Well, looks like you're all out of tricks, Wan.
Aye-aye spirit	I. Really. Hate. Humans!
Huntsman	 No, no! 
Aye-aye spirit	I don't know what he's screaming about.  He's better looking now.
Wan	I feel great. What's in this water?
Aye-aye spirit	It has special healing properties.
Wan	 Thanks.  So what did you do to that hunter?
Aye-aye spirit	Spirits are able to take over a human body for a short time. If I stayed in there any longer, I would've killed him, which I did consider.
Wan	Thanks for saving my neck. But why'd you do it?
Aye-aye spirit	I saw you save the cat deer from those hunters. I've never seen such an act of selflessness from a human before.
Wan	Told you I wasn't like the others. 
Aye-aye spirit	Guess I underestimated you, human.
Friendly spirit #2	Are you off to find another lion turtle city?
Wan	I was. But I think I've had enough of humans for a while. I've decided to stay here and learn the ways of the spirits.
Friendly spirit #1	What a great idea.
Friendly spirit #2	That'll be fun.
Aye-aye spirit	Oh, now, now, hold on. A human living with spirits? It's never been done.
Wan	First time for everything, right?
Aye-aye spirit	"Hmm. I guess we can try it. I've never had a human as a pet before. I think I'll call you ""Stinky."""
Wan	The name is Wan.
Aye-aye spirit	Stinky is more accurate.
Citizen #1	What happened in the wilds?
Citizen #2	Where are the others?
Huntsman	Gone. Spirits took them.  They were protecting that kid, Wan, like he was one of their own.
Jaya	 Did you hear that?  Wan's still alive.
Huntsman	 And the way Wan moves fire, it's like nothing I've ever seen.  He uses it like it's an extension of his body.
Jaya	 Wan has proved that with the power of fire, anyone can survive in the wilds.  We don't have to live under Chou the Elder's rules anymore, so I say we leave this city and start over.  Who's with me?
Wan	 You ready to go, Mula?
Aye-aye spirit	You sure you want to leave?
Wan	Yes. It's time I see the rest of the world and find the other lion turtle cities.
Aye-aye spirit	I'm proud to call you my friend, Stinky.
Wan	 Thank you for everything.  Goodbye, everyone.
Friendly spirit #1	 We'll miss you.
Random spirit #1	The all-powerful spirits are battling!
Random spirit #2	They're gonna wipe out the entire valley!
Wan	Stop, or you'll destroy everything!
Raava	This doesn't concern you, human!
Wan	It does when the lives of spirits and animals are in danger.
Vaatu	If you're a friend to spirits, then use your fire to help me break free.
Raava	Don't involve the human. This is between us.
Vaatu	Please, save me. She has tormented me for ten thousand years.
Wan	 Ten thousand years?  Let him go!
Vaatu	Thank you, human. You have performed a great service for the spirits. 
Raava	 Do you realize what you've done?
Wan	Yeah, I helped a spirit who was being bullied by you.
Raava	You are gravely mistaken. I was keeping him under control.
Wan	 And what gives you the right?
Raava	You don't even know who I am, do you?
Wan	Should I?
Raava	Yes. My name is Raava.  That spirit you freed is Vaatu.  He is the force of darkness and chaos. I am the force of light and peace. Since the beginning of time, we have battled over the fate of this world.  And for the past ten thousand years, I have kept darkness under control and the world in balance,  until you came along.
Wan	 So, by freeing Vaatu, I let chaos into the world?
Raava	 Precisely. The human and spirit realms are headed toward annihilation,  and it's all your fault.
Korra	 Raava.  I found you.
