Shiro Shinobi	 Six months ago, Avatar Korra defeated Amon and the Equalists. Since then the council was disbanded and the United Republic elected its first president. Tenzin's brother, Commander Bumi, retired and moved to Air Temple Island. And Korra and her boyfriend Mako have been the talk of the town. Peace has come to Republic City, but unbeknownst to the Avatar, danger now threatens the Southern Water Tribe.
Old salt	This your first watch?
Greenhorn	 Mmhmm.
Old salt	Well then, better keep your eyes peeled laddie.  Ya never know what creatures lurk in the murky depths.
Greenhorn	 Uh, Sir!
Old salt	What?
Greenhorn	Man overboard! Man overboard!
Shiro Shinobi	 Iiiiit's pro-bending night in Republic City, and have we got a doozy for you!  Fan favorites, the Fire Ferrets, are about to take on hot newcomers, the Rhino Lions!
Bolin	 Now we all know that our last match was garbage. Terrible!  Even Pabu could've done a better job.  But that's in the past,  because when you back a Fire Ferret in the corner, well mister,  he comes out fighting!  So, let's get out there  and bend like there's  no tomorrow.  Are ya with me?
Shiro Shinobi	 Ooh, the Fire Ferrets go down in the water, and right into the record books  for the fastest knockout in Pro-bending history!
Bolin	 Where's Mako when I need him?
Mako	 Looks like you had some car trouble.  Good thing the police are here.
Asami	 I think these planes are finally ready to ship.
Engineer	 I hate to mention the elephant-rhino in the room,  but since your father was thrown in prison, no company will work with us.  We're nearly bankrupt.
Asami	 Don't worry. I'm going to the South Pole to meet with someone who can help us put Future Industries  back on top.
Bumi	 The Avatar is the winner!
Ikki	 No fair! You can't go into the Avatar State to win!
Tenzin	 You did what!?  The Avatar State is not to be used as a booster rocket! You are toying with a dangerous power that you obviously do not appreciate!
Korra	It's the Avatar State and I'm the Avatar. Who appreciates it more than me?
Tenzin	Clearly you need more training to grasp the depths of your spiritual connections, not to mention that you're still a long way from mastering airbending.
Korra	 I have mastered airbending!  Punch punch punch!  See?  Mastered.
Bumi	 Looks pretty good to me.
Tenzin	 Is it too late for you  to unretire from the United Forces?
Bumi	The paperwork's gone through, little brother. From now on, it's 24/7  Bumi time! 
Tenzin	 You've mastered Korra style airbending, now you need to master real airbending. Hopefully our visit to all the air temples  will give you the inspiration you need to look more deeply into your studies.
Jinora	 Can we see where Grandpa Aang was born?
Meelo	How many lemurs can I have?
Ikki	I wanna get tattoos! But instead of arrows, I want lightning bolts!
Jinora	You can't get lightning bolts. That doesn't make any sense.
Ikki	 You don't make any sense!
Meelo	Fight, fight, fight!
Tenzin	 No one's fighting! We're going to have a wonderful time!  Now that the president is in office and I'm not needed on the council, I can finally relax with my family and give Korra the attention she needs.
Korra	Great, more attention.
Bumi	"Hah! Relax ... I'd pay money to see that. Maybe I'll tag along just to see ""Vacation Tenzin""."
Tenzin	You're not invited.
Korra	 Before we go on your dad's study trip, we're gonna have some real fun in my home town at the Glacier Spirits Festival. They've got rides, games, and all kinds of fried food on sticks.
Tenzin's children	Yay!
Bumi	Yep. There's Vacation Tenzin. And you can't stop me from going to the festival, Mom already invited me.
Mako	" So I walk up and say: ""Looks like you had some car trouble. Good thing the police are here."" "
Korra	 Did you write that beforehand?
Mako	" Yeah! I had a few others.  Let's see, uh ... ""Looks like you guys should put more 'try' in triad"", huh? Or, ""when you get to jail,  tell 'em Mako sent ya""."
Korra	Ooh, I like that one.
Mako	 Okay, I'll use that next time. Beifong says if I keep it up, I could make detective soon.
Korra	That sounds so fun. All I do is train all day. It's like Tenzin's totally forgotten how I beat Amon.
Mako	Tenzin's just trying to help you become the best Avatar you can be.
Korra	 Of course you'd take his side!
Mako	I'm not taking his side, I'm just ...
Korra	 I'm gonna take a walk. 
Mako	 Why is it so much easier to bust triads than it is to get through one conversation with my girlfriend?
Tenzin's children	Gran Gran!
Katara	Oh ... you've all gotten so big.
Jinora	We missed you, Aunt Kya.
Kya	Ohh, I missed you, too. Your father doesn't bring you to visit nearly enough. He's probably scared I'll beat him up  like when we were kids.
Tenzin	I'm not scared of you ...  anymore.
Korra	 You remember Mako.
Mako	 Sir.
Tonraq	 I hope you're not getting my daughter into anymore trouble up in the city.
Mako	Uh ... No ... uh ... I ... no.
Korra	Knock it off, Dad.
Bolin	Wow! Look at all these people that came out to greet us.
Korra	Uh, no. They came to greet them.
Tonraq	 The great chief of the Northern Water Tribe comes to grace us with his  presence. Hooray.
Senna	 Just relax  Tonraq, he'll be gone  soon enough. 
Bolin	Whoa!  Who are the lovely ladies? 
Korra	That's Eska  and Desna, the  chief's children. Desna is a guy.
Bolin	 Oh, no, sure,  I knew that.  Uhhh ...  and which one is Desna?
Unalaq	 Good to see you again, Avatar Korra.
Korra	 Good to see you too.
Unalaq	 Tonraq.
Tonraq	 Brother.
Unalaq	It's a shame the Southerners have abandoned all connections to the spirits.  Even during the most hallowed times.
Korra	 I've always loved the Glacier Spirits Festival. It's fun.
Unalaq	 This festival  used to be a solemn time of fasting  and meditation. Now it's just  a chance to watch some rube try to stick an  entire arctic hen in his mouth.
Bolin	What? Oh, it's so good.
Tonraq	Traditions change. It's not the end of the world.
Unalaq	Tell that to the sailors who are being attacked by angry spirits in southern waters.  Some traditions have  purpose.
Korra	Wait,  spirits are attacking ships?
Unalaq	 I'm surprised the Avatar doesn't know about that. Apparently you haven't been given all of the information you need. It would be my honor to instruct you in the spiritual ways of the Water Tribe.
Korra	I wouldn't mind learning about fighting spirits.  Airbending is getting pretty boring.
Tonraq	Tenzin is Korra's instructor. He can give her all the training she needs.
Unalaq	 So you've said. 
Asami	I'm glad you came with me to this meeting. Varrick is one of the richest men in the world, and he controls the entire global shipping business. So, you're my assistant. Just stand there and don't say anything.
Bolin	No problem, Pabu and I are natural assistants.  Man, this is nice! I got to get into this whole business thing.
Varrick	Did ya see that?  Levitation!  I was a foot off the ground!  Is that incredible or what? 
Male guest #1	How does he do that?
Male guest #2	That's unbelievable.
Male guest #3	That's amazing.
Bolin	 You looked like  you were just sitting on a pillow.
Varrick	Are you saying I wasn't levitating?
Bolin	 Uh ... no?
Varrick	 Well, why didn't anyone tell me? Now I look like an idiot!  Swami, you're fired!  I like you, kid, you're a real straight shooter, just like me. Miss Sato, he's with you?  Brought your tiger shark with ya to do business, huh? Now that's moxie!  Get over here and pop a squat. Zhu Li, get some tea for my guests!
Asami	Thank you for meeting with me. As you know, Future Industries is looking for a partner to handle our shipping.
Varrick	Sure! But first you gotta check out my new venture! Moving pictures! Zhu Li, do the thing!  You're gonna love this!  Mind-blowing, right?
Bolin	 Yeah.
Varrick	Now forget that! That's the past! Shut it off, Zhu Li!  Imagine watching this!  Ginger, come over here and do your poses.
Varrick	Spectacular! And, we tell a story; there's romance,  action, some funny animal stuff for the kids. You know, whatever! Thanks, Ginger, go rest your gams.  How about that tiger shark? We're gonna do big business with these movers as I call them.
Asami	Okay ... but I'm just concentrating on getting Future Industries back on track. If we could hammer out a deal ...
Varrick	 Stop! Look me in the eye.
Varrick	We got a deal!  We'll hammer out the details at the royal feast tonight.  Now, who wants a rocket boat ride?
Bolin	Is that how business usually goes?
Asami	 You are a natural assistant!
Korra	This is a wonderful feast in your honor, Uncle.
Unalaq	This is nothing. When this festival was founded, the tribal elders would commune with the spirits. People would watch the brilliant displays of light as spirits danced in the sky.
Korra	Wow, I've never seen that.
Unalaq	And that is a shame, since the Avatar is the bridge between the material world and the spirits. That is why I want so badly to teach you. To help you fulfill your destiny.
Tonraq	I thought I had made it clear that Tenzin is teaching her.
Unalaq	Every Avatar before you traveled the world to learn. It was Tenzin and your father who kept you secluded at the South Pole.
Korra	I thought Aang ordered the White Lotus to keep me down here?
Tonraq	We all did what we thought was best for you.
Korra	 Who I train with should be my decision, Dad, not yours or Tenzin's.
Bumi	Looks like someone's trying to take your place as the Avatar's stick-in-the-mud mentor.
Kya	Bumi, don't pick on Tenzin. You know he's always been sensitive.
Tenzin	 I'm not sensitive!
Unalaq	As your chief, it is my honor to speak at this festival, which was founded to bring our tribes together and restore the ancient balance between our world and that of the spirits. But I am saddened to see what it has become: a cheap carnival that celebrates greedy and trivial humans.  I feel the time is fast approaching when the North can no longer stand idly by while our Southern brothers slip into total spiritual decay. Angry spirits are already attacking ships in your waters. I only hope we are not too late to change course.
Varrick	Chief Unalaq everybody, always great to have him in town. Now, let's have some fun with Wacky Wushu's Dancing Otter penguins!
Bolin	Wish me luck.  I'm making my move!  Whee!
Mako	Good luck.
Korra	Those two have always creeped me out. They smell like a grandma's attic.
Bolin	 Hey, I'm Bolin. I'm a friend of Korra's! You're, uh, Eska right? Wow, I'm just, I am loving these robes.  So, you are from the north right? Cool, that's, like you know, that's my favorite direction.
Desna	 I think  he is trying to  establish some kind of bond with you based on your geographic point of origin. 
Eska	 Perhaps it would be interesting to spend time with a person whose ways are so rough and uncultured.  You amuse me.  I will make you mine.
Bolin	 You mean like a boyfriend, or like a slave ...?
Eska	Yes.  Win me prizes.
Korra	Unalaq offered to train me. He says he can teach me about the spirits and my connection to them.
Mako	Sounds good. What does Tenzin think?
Korra	Tenzin thinks I'm his prisoner or one of his kids. I'll never finish training with him in charge.
Game guy	We have a winner!
Korra	 I mean, you heard what Unalaq said.  The South is spiritually unbalanced and it's the Avatar's job to fix it, but my dad won't even let me think about Unalaq teaching me. Well?
Mako	Well what?
Korra	What do you think I should do?
Mako	I guess you should do what you think is right. I support whatever decision you make.
Korra	 Oh thanks. That's a big help.
Mako	I thought you wanted me to be supportive? Now you want me to tell you what I think? Make up your mind!
Korra	Just forget it.
Korra	Uh, Naga what are you doing?  Naga, hush!  Quiet, Naga, you'll wake everyone up! 
Bolin	 Uh, What's going on?
Korra	What, is, that?
Bolin	 Got it!  Don't got it!
Tonraq	 Korra!
Tenzin	Spirit, why are you angry with us? What have we done to offend you?
Unalaq	Go in peace.
Tonraq	Korra!
Tenzin	Are you all right?
Korra	 How are you able to control that spirit when no one else could?
Unalaq	As your father could tell you, I have spent my life studying the spirits and learning their ways. All of this knowledge is lost in the South, but I could teach you everything I know.
Tenzin	Chief Unalaq, clearly you are very knowledgeable, but Korra still has much to learn about airbending. And I hope that going to the air temples will help her connect with the past Avatars.
Korra	Ugh
Unalaq	 The air temples will teach her nothing. Only I can give her the training she needs to be a complete Avatar.
Tonraq	I've told you that will not happen!
Korra	Hey! I'm right here! Anyone want to ask me what I think?
Tenzin	Korra, please listen.
Korra	I'm tired of listening to you. Both of you. You keep me locked up, telling me you know what's best. But both of you were powerless against the spirit attack.  I think it's time I had a new teacher.
Tonraq	Now Korra—
Korra	Unalaq has proven he's the only one who knows what I need to learn. I have to go with him.
Tenzin	Please, I know you're angry, but we've come so far together.
Korra	I'm sorry, Tenzin. This is as far as we go.
Tenzin	 It has been a pleasure serving you, Avatar Korra. 
Katara	I think you forgot a couple of things. 
Tenzin	Mother, I think I need some time alone with my family right now. 
Katara	This is your family, Tenzin.  When you get to be my age, you'll be thankful for the time you had with your siblings. Besides, I think it's important that you all visit your father's home together.
Bumi	 Come on! It'll be fun.
Kya	I'm dying to see that laid back, Vacation Tenzin I've heard so much about.
Tenzin	All right, hop on! I love you, Mom.  We'll see you soon!
Korra	Do you think I did the right thing?
Mako	 I don't know. I'm sorry, but I'm not very good at this Avatar counseling thing. But I know your heart is in the right place. You'll just have to trust it. .
Unalaq	I know this was a hard decision, Korra, but it was the right one. Now it is time to put it behind you and begin your new training. I have great plans for you.
