Asami	Did someone order a fully equipped Future Industries airship?
Korra	It's perfect! Thanks Asami.
Asami	I figured if we're going to Ba Sing Se to search for airbenders, we should do it in style.
Meelo	Yay, airship!
Ikki	 I wanna see!
Meelo	C'mon, Poki.
Kya	While you guys are gone, Pema and I will hold down the fort.
Kya	 Who's excited to spend some time with your Auntie Kya?
Kya	 Oh!
Pema	Aw, he likes you.
Korra	Mako, I'm so glad you're here.
Mako	Of course, Korra.  Avatar. Avatar Korra.  Once I received your message I proceeded to contact various locations within the Earth Kingdom as ordered by you, the Avatar.
Korra	 Right, the Avatar thanks you for your loyal service. Did you find any more leads?
Mako	There are reports of airbenders popping up all over the Earth Kingdom. I marked the villages on this map.  You guys can take it with you.
Korra	Actually, I was kind of hoping you could come, too.
Mako	Really? Uh, it's probably better if I sit this one out.
Korra	I know things have been weird between us since we broke up, but you're a part of Team Avatar, and we can't do this without you.
Mako	I'm sorry, I can't.
Pema	 I'll miss you, sweetie.
Tenzin	I'll miss you too. Once we find the airbenders, I'll send word. You can join us at the Northern Air Temple then.
Ikki	Hey! How come Jinora gets to go with you but we don't? That's so not fair!
Meelo	Yeah! What this girl said! Not fair!
Kya	Because if airbenders show up here, they're gonna need some guidance from the two of you. It's a very important job.
Ikki	Really? Me, a teacher?  Yay!
Meelo	Those maggots will bow to me!
Tenzin	Go easy on them, son.
Bolin	Mako, wait a sec.
Mako	 Korra already asked, bro. I can't just leave Republic City. I have a life here, and a job.
Bolin	A life? You sleep under your desk. And what's a more important job than helping the Avatar rebuild an entire civilization?
Mako	It's not just that.  I feel like I've been drifting apart from everyone.
Bolin	"Well, drift back, we need you! C'mon Mako, we're going to Ba Sing Se, where Dad grew up. What if I meet our grandma for the very first time, and she asks me  ""Where's your sweet brother?"" and I have to say ""I'm sorry, Grandma, he had some really important police paperwork to file"" and she starts to cry those grandma tears, and is like  ""Mako! Why? Why? I can't go on, I ca--""  and then she dies."
Mako	Okay, all right,  I'll come with you. I guess I gotta call Beifong. She's not going to be happy.
Meelo	Bye! We'll miss you!
Mako	As of now, these are the towns where we've gotten reports about airbenders. It looks like we can hit up most of them before we get to Ba Sing Se.
Korra	We're going to bring the Air Nation back from the brink of extinction after nearly two hundred years.
Tenzin	And it's all because of you, Korra.
White Lotus sentry	Hey! Where are the other guards?
Zaheer	It's nice to see you again, Ghazan.
Ghazan	Thanks for busting me out. Where did you pick up the new skills?
Zaheer	I have Harmonic Convergence to thank for that. I was given a gift. I believe it's a sign that our path is a righteous one.
Townsman	Avatar Korra! Oh it's such an honor to have you come to our humble village.
Korra	Thanks.
Tenzin	I hate to get down to business, but is the airbender here now?
Townsman	Kuon and his family will be joining us shortly for a special dinner. Please, right this way.  Kuon has been the talk of the town ever since he's got airbending; he's like a local celebrity.
Tenzin	I just want to say it's an honor to meet a fellow airbender.
Kuon	Oh, I still think of myself as a simple farmer. Who can airbend!  Oh, I'm so sorry! I still don't have any control.
Bolin	No worries! I love pie. And so does Pabu. 
Tenzin	Well, you're so much more than just a farmer now. Harmonic Convergence changed everything. You represent the future of a culture that is being reborn. You're going to help us rebuild the Air Nation.
Kuon	I'm gonna do what now? The only thing I'm planning to rebuild is my barn.
Tenzin	But you must come with us to the Northern Air Temple.
Kuon	Well, I can't do that. I have a family and a farm.
Tenzin	Of course you can come. This is of the utmost importance. Your wife will understand.
Kuon's daughter	Daddy, where are you going? Why does the bald man want to take you away?
Korra	Actually, this bald man does want to take him, but it's for an important cause. Your dad is an airbender, and he should learn about his culture.
Kuon	I think there's been some sort of misunderstanding. I'm not going with you. I might be able to airbend, but I'm no Air Nomad, I'm no monk.
Townsman	Okay, maybe we should just have some dessert huh? Who's up for dessert?
Tenzin	Sir, you must understand, you're an airbender now, and there are thousands of years of culture you must learn about, skills you must master.
Kuon	You expect me to abandon my entire life? My family?  No! No sir, I'm not going anywhere with you and I think it's best that you leave.
Korra	In my head, I saw that playing out very differently.
Asami	Maybe we should have stayed and tried harder to convince him to join us.
Bolin	Or we could have thrown him in a potato sack and forced him into the ship.
Bumi	 That's how they got me to join the United Forces.
Tenzin	No, we can't coerce people, or throw them in potato sacks. They must come freely. But not to worry, there are plenty of other airbenders out there who will be happy to come with us once they find out what the Air Nation is all about.
Tenzin	 When your son becomes a master, he'll have tattoos all over his body, just like me.  There's nothing more nutritious than our vegetarian diet.  I can tell that you're going to love wearing our ancient airbender robes. They're very breathable.  You'll never have to worry about your worldly possessions again, because you won't have any.  You'll get to shave your head.  Your best friend will be a giant bison! 
Tenzin	Ugh, I really thought I had that last guy. Who doesn't want a bison as their best friend?
Bumi	It's okay Tenzin, I still want to be an airbender.
Korra	Okay, we've tried it your way, and people just don't seem to be responding. It's time for a little tough love.
Korra	[Chuckles with the mother.] How old is he?
Korra	Well, I have a great opportunity for him. We're looking for airbenders to join us at the Northern Air Temple.
Korra	[Outstretches a hand.] Hi, I'm Korra.
Ryu	So you're like the Avatar or something. Big deal.
Korra	Uh, I just wanted to talk to you about an opportunity.
Ryu	Yeah, I heard you talking to my mom, and I'm not interested. 
Korra	 Well, you're gonna be interested.
Korra	You're an airbender now and you have a responsibility as a citizen of the world.
Ryu	Whatever. I didn't ask to become an airbender, you know.
Korra	 Well, I didn't ask to be the Avatar, but I am, and I'm fulfilling my duties.
Ryu	So? You don't have to.
Korra	Yes, I do have to.
Ryu	No, you don't.
Korra	Yes, I do!
Ryu	No, you don't.
Korra	Well,  if I didn't embrace my role, then our entire world could be thrown into chaos. Think about that! Is that what you want?
Ryu	Maybe.
Korra	No, it's not!
Ryu	So what? Who cares?
Korra	Everyone cares!
Ryu	I don't care.
Korra	 Yes, you do!
Ryu	No, I don't.
Korra	Well, you're about to care, you little slacker, because you're coming with me! 
Ryu	Stop pulling on my collar! You're stretching it out! Mom, are you just gonna let her take me?!
Ryu	No! Let me go!
Korra	That's it!
Mako	Korra, enough! Let's get out of here!
Bolin	So nice to meet you! Good luck with your son!
White Lotus sentry #2	Look out!
Ming-Hua	I never thought I'd be so happy to see your ugly mugs again.
Ghazan	Great to see you too, Ming-Hua.
Ming-Hua	 I'm flattered. You busted me out before that girlfriend of yours.
Zaheer	We're getting her next.
Tenzin	 Well, I guess we should just go to Ba Sing Se and try our luck there.
Korra	I don't know what to do. I just thought more people would be excited about coming with us.
Bumi	Well, maybe you gotta do more to get them excited. You need to add a little razzle-dazzle.
Bolin	Yeah, razzle-dazzle! We could put on some sort of airbending street performance!
Bumi	I was gonna say we could cover Tenzin's robe in sequins, but that's even better!
Korra	It sounds ridiculous, but it might work.
Tenzin	I'm willing to try anything at this point.
Bolin	Yes! That is the kind of enthusiasm I like to hear!
Bolin	 Come one, come all to witness The Amazing Airbenders! The airbending show that will leave you breathless ... with wind! First up, the tattooed master himself, you know him as the son of Avatar Aang, he shaves every hair on his head, every single day!  It's the one, the only guy with an arrow pointing to his nose, Tenzin!
Bolin	Now, now, ladies and gentleman, ladies and gentleman, please be quiet. I have some serious news. We've heard that an escaped firebending convict has been spotted near here.  Now, I don't want to panic anyone, but if you see a firebender with a red scarf-
Mako	[Very stiffly.] I am the escaped convict, and you will all reap my fire.
Bolin	 Oh no! Who will help us?
Korra	I will. With my airbending skills!
Mako	 Ah! Hey! Let me go! This is not what we rehearsed! Korra!
Bolin	With the power of airbending, even this beast can float!  Like a feather.  Look what can be done in only a few short weeks of practice!
Bolin	No no, don't worry folks. She might be young, but she is in full control!
Bolin	Ladies and gentlemen, if you, or anyone you know is an airbender, please, send them our way! Master Tenzin and Avatar Korra would love to teach them all they know!
Kai	Hey! Hello. If you're looking for airbenders, you just found one.
Kai	I wanna join you guys.
Bolin	Get outta town!
Korra	We got our first recruit.  Just to be totally clear, we're going to be heading to Ba Sing Se, then the Northern Air Temple to live as nomads and rebuild the Air Nation. All that sound good to you?
Kai	Yeah, Ba Sing Se, rebuild the temple, Air Nomad what-do-you-do, I'm in. Let's go right now.
Bolin	 This is going to be so great!  You going to love it, er ... ah ... real quick, what's your name?
Kai	Kai. So when do we hit the road?
Tenzin	Hang on a second Kai, where are your parents? We can't have you come with us without their permission.
Kai	 My parents are ... gone. 
Bolin	You're an orphan?
Kai	It happened about a year ago. My home town was raided by outlaws, but my parents fought back against them. I was so scared, but they told me not to worry they would protect me, and they did. My parents saved me and the entire village, but they died in the fight. Mum and pap meant everything to me, they're were my whole life.  Ever since then, I've been on the run. Those same outlaws are still after me.
Bolin	Well, you don't have to be on the run anymore,  right guys? Tell him.
Tenzin	I'm so sorry about your parents. I know we could never replace them ...  but we are here for you.
Korra	We'll keep you safe, come on.
Bolin	 When you board this airship, you're going to leave your old life behind and start a new path. That's big brother advice. Just think of me as your big brother. 
Mako	Guys! I think we got trouble.
Kai	The outlaws! They're here ... Uh, let's get out of here. [Grabs on to Korra's arm.]
Korra	 We are not running away from anyone.
Korra	 If you want Kai, you'll have to go through me!
Korra	Your days of harassing an innocent boy is over. You outlaws are going to prison.
Korra	Where's Kai?
Mako	Right here, I found him slipping away.
Kai	I was just going to the bathroom.
Mako	With your stash of gold?
Kai	I told you, I found this on the road.
Mako	Enough with the lies kid. I want the truth.
Korra	Is that true?
Kai	The person who stole that stuff was the old me. Once I got airbending, I changed. I don't know how to explain it, but I feel like airbending choose me for a reason , like I'm a new person. I'm sorry! Please, you have to listen to me.
Bolin	Are, are you taking him back to the orphanage?
Korra	Wait! You've got the family's life savings, now let us take Kai.
Tenzin	Do you really want our first member of the Air Nation to be a liar and a thief?
Korra	He just needs some guidance, Tenzin. Who better to give it to him than us?
Tenzin	[Strokes his beard and thinks for a while.] Yes, you can release the boy into our custody.
Kai	Thank you!
Korra	Don't make me regret it.
Bolin	Welcome to the family, little bro.
Mako	I just want you to know that I'm going to be watching you, kid. I know exactly what you're all about, 'cause I've been there. You don't have me fooled.
Kai	Woah! Hey, lighten up.  I'm turning over a new leaf, making a change.  Don't you worry about me.
Jinora	Hi, I'm Jinora.  If you need any help with airbending, I could show you what I know.
Kai	Thanks, that's real nice of you. 
Tenzin	 Jinora, we're leaving now. 
Zuko	How could you let this happen?
Zuko	[Alarmed by the revelation.] No! This can't be. [Looking at the White Lotus Sentry.] Do you have any idea the power these criminals possess? Individually, they can take down any bender. [Looks down in fear.] Put them all together, they could take down the entire world. And now you're telling me that their leader is an airbender?
Zuko	We don't need to track them, I know exactly where they're going. [As he and the White Lotus Sentry walk out of the prison, the shot fades to white.] Notify the new chiefs of the Northern Water Tribe that an attack on their prison is imminent, [The white fades out to reveal Druk, Zuko's dragon.] and send word to Lin Beifong in Republic City. The Avatar must be protected.
Zuko	[Mounting Druk.] To stop them.
