Korra	 What's the big idea with making me train this early in the morning?  The morning is evil.
Bolin	 We're the rookies,  so we get the worst time slot in the gym.
Mako	 And you're the rookiest of us all. We gotta get you up to speed if we wanna survive in the tournament.  Deal with it.
Korra	 You deal with it!
Butakha	There are my little hard-working street urchins.  It's an honor to finally meet you, Avatar.
Korra	 And you are ...?
Butakha	 Butakha. I run this whole pro-bending shebang.  Here's your winnings from the last match.  Ah ah ah, not so fast.  First, you owe me for the Avatar's new gear,  gym and equipment rentals from last month,  rent on your apartment,  and a personal loan for groceries.
Bolin	 What?  I'm a growing boy!
Butakha	 Oh, and one more small item of business: The Fire Ferrets need to ante up thirty thousand yuans for the championship pot.
Bolin	 Thirty thousand yuans?! 
Butakha	 Sorry, kids. You got 'til the end of the week to come up with the dough, or else, you're out of the tournament.
Bolin	 You wouldn't happen to have a secret Avatar bank account overflowing with gold, would you?
Korra	 I got nothing.  I've never really needed money.  I've always had people taking care of me.
Mako	 Then I wouldn't say you have nothing.
Korra	 Sorry, I didn't mean —
Bolin	 No, it's all right. It's just  ever since we lost our parents, we've been on our own.
Korra	 I'm so sorry. I didn't know.
Mako	 So, anyway,  how are we gonna come up with the money?
Bolin	 Oh, oh, I got it!  I got it!  I've been training Pabu to do circus tricks. Now people would pay good money to see that!
Mako	 Come on, Bolin.  We need serious ideas.
Bolin	 I was serious.
Mako	 Don't worry about it. I'll figure something out. I always do.
Bolin	 Come one, come all.  See Pabu the fantastic fire ferret as he crosses the Ladder of Peril,  upside down!  Psst, psst.  Big finish, buddy. Stick the landing.  Ta da!  Thank you, ladies and gentlemen! You are too kind! Seriously, too kind! You can come back here and put money right in this-  Okay, that's fine, that's fine.  One yuan down, 29,999 to go.
Bolin	[Frontal shot; dejected.] Oh, hey there, Shady Shin.
Bolin	[Frontal shot; scratches his head.] Uh, thanks.
Bolin	[Frontal shot; unsure.] Uh, I don't know, Shin. Mako told me to stay away from the Triple Threats.
Shady Shin	[Frontal shot; smiling confidently.] You game?
Mako	Bo, I'm back!  Picked up your favorite dumplings!  Hey, I found some work down at the power plant.  Made some decent money.  Bolin?  You here, bro?  Huh, I bet the little lovebird is making a house call.
Jinora	 Good. Light on your feet!
Jinora	 Ooh, he's cute.  Korra, is that the  handsome firebender boy that drives you crazy?
Ikki	 Does he drive you crazy in a bad way,  or does he drive you crazy like you like him?
Korra	 Ahem. Oh. Hey, Mako.
Mako	 You seen Bolin?
Korra	 Nice to see you, too.  And no.  I haven't seen him since practice. Think something's wrong?
Mako	 I don't know.  Bolin has a knack for getting into stupid situations.  See you later.
Korra	Wait.  I could, uh ... help you look for him.
Mako	 Nah. I got it.
Korra	 Hey, cool guy, let me help you.  We can take Naga.
Mako	 Who's Naga?
Korra	 My best friend. And a great tracker.
Mako	Your best friend is a ... polar bear dog.  Somehow, that makes perfect sense.
Korra	 I'll take that as a compliment, city boy.
Mako	Well, this is his usual hangout.  You guys seen my brother around here today?
Skoochy	" Perhaps. My memory's a little ...""foggy"".  Maybe you can help ""clear it up""."
Mako	 You're good, Skoochy.  Humph, a real pro.
Skoochy	Yeah, I seen him.
Mako	When?
Skoochy	About noon.
Mako	 What was he doing?
Skoochy	H-he was performing  some kind of monkey rat circus. And then ...
Mako	 And then what? Why did he leave?
Skoochy	 Shady Shin showed up and flashed some serious cash.  Bo took off with him in his hot rod.  The Triple Threats? The Red Monsoons? The Agni Kais? All the triads are muscling up for something real big. Now that's all you're getting outta me!
Korra	What's he talking about?
Mako	 Sounds like there's a turf war brewing.  And Bolin's about to get caught right in the middle of it.
Korra	 So where're we headed?
Mako	 The Triple Threat Triad's headquarters. Hopefully Bolin's there and nothing's gone down yet.
Korra	 The Triple Threat Triad? I beat up some of those yahoos when I got into town. Why would Bolin get tangled up wit —
Korra	Whoa, Naga!
Mako	 That's Pabu!
Korra	 No, Naga! Pabu's a friend, not a snack.
Mako	 We gotta hurry.
Mako	 Something's not right.  There're usually thugs posted out front. We better be cautious.
Mako	Bolin? You in here?
Mako	Bolin!
Korra	Naga, come!
Korra	 Ugh, I can't bend.  I can't bend!
Mako	Calm down, it'll wear off.  Those guys were chi blockers.  They're Amon's henchmen.
Korra	Amon?  That anti-bending guy with a mask?
Mako	Yeah, he's the leader of the Equalists.
Korra	What do they want with the Triple Threats?
Mako	Whatever it is,  can't be good.  Urgh, can't believe Bolin got himself into this mess! 
Korra	Mako,  we are going to save your brother.  I promise you that.
Korra	We've been out all night.  No sign of him.
Mako	 We've gotta keep looking. But where?
Korra	Huh!  I have an idea!
Korra	The first day I got into town, I ran into an Equalist protester  over there.
Mako	 And you think they'll know where Bolin is?
Korra	 It's our only lead right now.
Korra	 So, why is Bolin running around with the Triple Threat Triad, anyway?
Mako	 Well, we ... we used to do some work for them back in the day.
Korra	 What? Wha- Are you some kind of criminal?
Mako	 No! You don't know what you're talking about. I just ran numbers for them and stuff. We were orphans out on the street; I did what I had to do to survive and protect my little brother.
Korra	 I'm sorry. It must have been really hard.  Can I ask what happened to your parents?
Mako	 They were mugged, by a firebender. He cut them down right in front of me. I was eight.
Korra	 Mako ...
Mako	 Bolin's the only family I have left. If anything happened to him ...
Protester	 Equality now! Equality now!  We want equality now!
Korra	I-I ... er ... eheh, humn, hmmehem.
Protester	Nonbenders of Republic City ...
Korra	 That's the guy.
Protester	Amon calls you to action! Take back your city! It's time for the ...  It's you again!  You cannot silence me, Avatar!
Korra	 Shut your yapper and listen up. My friend got kidnapped by some chi blockers. Where'd they take him?
Protester	 I have no idea what you're talking about.
Korra	 Oh, I think you do.
Mako	" ""Witness the Revelation tonight, nine o' clock"".  What's this ""Revelation""?"
Protester	 Nothing that concerns the likes of you two!
Korra	 You better believe it concerns us. Spill it.
Protester	 No one knows what the Revelation is! And I have no idea what happened to your friend.  But if he's a bender, then my bet is he's getting what's coming to him.
Mako	 Where's it happening?
Policeman	 Hey! What's going on over there?
Protester	 The Avatar's oppressing us. Help!
Korra	 Let's scram.
Korra	 Why didn't the Equalists put a location on these?
Mako	" Probably because they don't want just anyone waltzing in to their big  ""Revelation"",  whatever that is.  I bet the information is hidden on here somehow. Look at the backs.  There's four different images."
Korra	 So,  it's a puzzle?
Mako	 Yeah, of a map!
Mako	 Bingo.  That must be where it's going down.
Mako	This is the place.
Mako	 What are you doing?
Korra	 We'll attract less attention this way.
Doorman	 This is a private event. No one gets in without an invitation.
Korra	Uh ... invitation?
Mako	 You mean this?
Doorman	 The Revelation is upon us, my brother and sister.
Mako	I knew a lot of people hated benders, but I've never seen so many in one place.  Keep your eyes out for Bolin.
Announcer	 Please welcome your hero,  your savior ... Amon!
Amon	" My quest for equality began many years ago.  When I was a boy, my family and I lived on a small farm. We weren't rich, and none of us were benders.  This made us very easy targets for the firebender who extorted my father.  One day, my father confronted this man, but when he did,  that firebender took my family from me. Then, he took my face.  I've been forced to hide behind a mask ever since.  As you know, the Avatar has recently arrived in Republic City.  And if she were here,  she would tell you that bending brings balance to the world. But, she is wrong. The only thing bending has brought to the world, is suffering.  It has been the cause of every war in every era.  But that is about to change.  I know you have been wondering, ""What is the Revelation?""  You are about to get your answer.  Since the beginning of time,  the spirits have acted as guardians of our world, and they have spoken to me.  They say the Avatar has failed humanity.  That is why the spirits have chosen me to usher in a new era of balance. They have granted me a power  that will make Equality a reality. The power to take a person's bending away.  Permanently."
Korra	 That's impossible.  There's no way.
Mako	 This guy's insane!
Amon	 Now, for a demonstration. Please welcome, Lightning Bolt Zolt.  Leader of the Triple Threat Triad, and one of the most notorious criminals in Republic City. 
Korra	There's Bolin.
Mako	 Wait, we can't fight them all. We need to be smart about this.
Korra	" Then come up with a game plan,  ""Team Captain""."
Amon	 Zolt has amassed a fortune by extorting and abusing nonbenders.  But his reign of terror is about to come to an end.  Now, in the interest of fairness,  I will give Zolt the chance to fight to keep his bending.
Lightning Bolt Zolt	[Frontal shot; saddened and shocked while looking at Amon.] Wha ... what did you do to me?
Amon	 Your firebending is gone. Forever.  The era of bending is over. A new era of Equality has begun!
Korra	[Frontal shot. Turns to Mako; urgently.] Any ideas yet?
Mako	 I think so, see those machines?  They're powered by water and steam. If you create some cover, I can grab Bolin  without anyone seeing. Then, we duck out of here.
Korra	Works for me.  Mako, good luck. 
Mako	You, too.
Korra	 It's not enough.
Doorman	 Hey, you!
Korra	 Is there a problem, my brother?
Doorman	 What are you doing back here?
Korra	 Uh ... looking for the bathroom?
Mako	 Come on ...
Korra	 Thanks. This should be enough.
Bolin	 Uh, hello, Amon, sir.  I think there's been a big misunderstanding.
Mako	Bolin, you all right?
Bolin	Yes!  Mako! I love you!
Lieutenant	You benders need to understand, there's no place in the world for you anymore.
Korra	I wouldn't count us out just yet.  Naga!
Bolin	 Hah ... Oh ... Yah ... Stop ... I want ... to be ... on ... your back ... please!
Lieutenant	 The Avatar. That's her!
Amon	Let her go.  She's the perfect messenger to tell the city of my power.
Tenzin	Thank goodness.  I was just about to send out a search party.  Are you all right?  Korra, what happened? Did you find your friend?
Korra	 Yes, but ...  I was at an Equalist rally.  I saw Amon.
Tenzin	 What?
Korra	 He can take people's bending away.  For good.
Tenzin	 That's ...  that's impossible. Only the Avatar has ever possessed that ability.
Korra	 But I saw him do it.
Tenzin	 I believe you.  I don't know how Amon has achieved this power, but this means the revolution is more dangerous than ever.  No bender is safe.
