Ikki	 You're finally here!  Welcooome to Air Temple Island.  Your new home.
Meelo	 Yes, welcome to  my domain.
Bolin	 Well, aren't you sweet,  little monk child.
Meelo	 What's that fuzzy creature?
Jinora	 That is a fire ferret.  An arboreal mammal common  to the bamboo forest of the central Earth Kingdom.
Ikki	 He's cuuuute!
Meelo	 Yip yip! Fly sky bison! Fly!
Mako	 Thanks for sending the Air Acolytes to help us with the move.
Asami	 Yes, they've been amazing.  Such tireless workers.
Korra	 Oh, I thought you were only bringing a  few things.
Mako	Trust me,  it could've been worse.
Korra	No problem, everyone here wants you guys to feel welcome.
Meelo	You're pretty, can I have some of your hair? 
Mako	 Looks like I have some competition.
Ikki	 And now for the grand tour.  The flying bison sleep in those caves down there.  And that's the temple Grandpa Aang built.  And that's the greenhouse where we grow the vegetables we eat. 
Bolin	I have a couple of questions.  Is this an all vegetarian island?  Is that where you train airbending?  Do we have to wear Air Acolyte clothes? Do we each get our own sky bison? And final question, how many trees are on this island? 
Ikki	 Yes. Yes. No. No. Ten thousand five hundred and fifty two. 
Mako	So, where are we going to be staying?
Meelo	You're a boy.  Boys have to stay on the boys' side.
Jinora	 I'd be happy to show you to the men's dormitory. 
Bolin	I'm a boy! 
Korra	Meelo, why don't you go with the boys too?
Meelo	 We shall meet again soon, beautiful woman. 
Korra	 Ikki and I will take you to your room this way.
Ikki	 Asami, did you know Korra likes Mako?
Asami	 Oh.  Uh, no. I wasn't completely aware of that.
Ikki	 Hey!
Korra	 Run along, Ikki!
Korra	 So,  here's your room.  I know this is a little rustic compared to what you're used to.
Asami	I think it's really charming  and the best part about it, nothing here reminds me of my father.  Thank you for your hospitality. 
Korra	 Ikki! I swear  if you don't leave us alone, I'm gonna-  Uh, Tenzin!  Come right in.
Tenzin	 Good day, ladies. Asami, welcome to the island.
Asami	 Thank you for having me. 
Tenzin	 Beifong's replacement, Saikhan, is going to be inducted as the new Chief of Police later. I think we should both be there.
Saikhan	It was an honor serving under Chief Beifong for so many years  and I wish her a speedy recovery. It is with great humility that I take her place as the new Chief of Police. Republic City is facing a threat like none the world has ever seen but there is one man who's been effective against Amon's revolution, Councilman Tarrlok.  That is why for all matters involving the Equalists, I will report directly to him.  The police department will lend any and all available resources to the councilman and his task force  until we quell this insurgency.
Korra	 What is that weasel snake Tarrlok up to now?
Tenzin	 Tarrlok, I don't know what you did to get Chief Saikhan in your pocket but I highly doubt it was legal.
Tarrlok	Oh, Tenzin.  Always the conspiracy theorist. Did you ever consider Saikhan simply recognizes my talents and wants what is best for this city?  Well, Avatar Korra. Long time, no see. Now that your little pro-bending distractions are over, I look forward to your return to my task force.
Korra	Ha!  Forget it! There's no way I'm rejoining your vanity project.
Tarrlok	That is unfortunate to hear, but I'm sure you'll come to your senses as you have in the past.
Korra	Don't hold your breath, bub.  You know, Tenzin's been right about you all along.  You played me,  you played Beifong,  and now you're playing the new Chief too.  Well, I got news for you.  You need me,  but I don't need you. I'm the Avatar.
Tarrlok	 You're not, in fact, the Avatar.  You are merely a half-baked Avatar in training, which reminds me, how is your airbending going?  Made any significant progress with that?  I didn't think so.  If you will not be part of my task force, then you had best stay out of my way.
Korra	 I don't understand what's wrong with me. I've memorized nearly all of the practice forms, but I still can't produce a single measly puff of air!  I'm a failure.
Tenzin	 No you're not. You just need to work through this airbending block.
Korra	 Amazing advice. I'll get right on that.
Tenzin	 I wasn't finished yet. You see, Aang not only had his bending teachers, but also his past lives to call upon for guidance. Have you ever made contact with your past lives?
Korra	No, of course I haven't. Didn't you get the memo from the White Lotus? I'm a spiritual failure, too.
Tenzin	You may have made a connection without realizing it.  Perhaps something you mistook as a dream?
Korra	Maybe. I had a few weird hallucinations,  but I hardly even remember them.
Tenzin	 And did you see any previous Avatars in these visions?
Korra	I saw Aang. It seemed like he was in trouble. What do you think it means?
Tenzin	Hmm, I don't know.  But I urge you to meditate on these visions.  I believe Aang's spirit must be trying to tell you something.
Mako	 Korra? You out here?
Bolin	 Korraaa!
Bolin	There you are.  Are you okay?
Korra	 I'm fine.
Mako	 Come on, what's wrong? You can tell us.
Korra	 How am I suppose to save this city when I can't even learn airbending?  I'm the worst Avatar ever!  I just feel ... alone.
Asami	 No, that's nonsense! You're amazing!
Mako	 Yeah and remember. Aang hadn't mastered all the elements when he was battling the Fire Nation. He was just a little kid.
Bolin	 And he wasn't alone. He had his friends to help him. Look, the arena might be shut down but we're still a team. The new Team Avatar!
Mako	We got your back Korra, and we can save this city.  Together.
Korra	 Yeah, let's do it!
Meelo	 Yeah, let's do it!  What are we doing? 
Bolin	 Get ready, Republic City.  You are about to be patrolled by Team Avatar.
Mako	 Asami, you always know how to accessorize your outfits.
Asami	I figure one way to fight Equalists is to use an Equalist weapon. 
Korra	All right,  Let's ride.
Bolin	 Naga away!
Korra	All right, scratch that.  Any other ideas?
Asami	 Hmm.  I think I have the answer.
Asami	You think this'll do?
Mako	 I like the new Team Avatar's style.
Asami	My dad had police scanners installed in all of his cars. I guess now I know why.
Bolin	[Shouts.] Chi blockers!
Mako	 That's them! 
Korra	 Let's get 'em!
Asami	Korra! Bolin! Give me a ramp! Now!
Asami	Help me out! We gotta make this turn!
Asami	They don't know we made the turn. Okay, get ready.
Tarrlok	 Avatar Korra, what do you think you are doing?
Korra	 Oh, hey Tarrlok. Nice of you to show up finally. Here, we captured the escaped convicts for you.
Tarrlok	 What you did was tear up the city and impede the real authorities in their pursuit of these criminals.
Korra	 Hmm, that's funny.  I didn't see your little task force or the cops the whole time.  If it wasn't for Team Avatar,  they would've gotten away.
Tarrlok	 This is your last warning. Stay out of my way! 
Tarrlok	 Republic City stands as a beacon of freedom, but the Equalists are using that freedom to tear it down.  The law I have proposed would make it illegal for anyone to be a member of the Equalists or even be associated with them. It also puts into effect a curfew, ensuring all nonbenders are in their own homes by nightfall.
Tenzin	This is going too far, Tarrlok!  You can't punish all nonbenders for the actions of a few! 
Tarrlok	 That kind of cowardice will cause our city to fall into Amon's hands. We must pass this law. All in favor? 
Bolin	I call front!
Mako	 After you.
Korra	What a gentleman,  thanks!
Korra	Why is the power out?
Asami	 Wait a second, these people aren't armed or dangerous.
Korra	 Sure doesn't look that way. 
Saikhan	All nonbenders, return to your homes immediately.
Saikhan	Disperse, or you will all be arrested.
Child #1	Mummy, look! It's the Avatar! [People turn around and rush toward Korra.]
Korra	[Looking at the people in sadness, she strides forward, pushing two metalbender officers aside.] Everyone, please stay calm. I'm gonna put a stop to this. [Turns along with her friends as they search for Tarrlok who is talking to a task force member.] Tarrlok, you need to turn the power back on and leave these people alone.
Tarrlok	 Avatar Korra, you and your playmates have no business here.
Korra	We're not going anywhere. You don't have the right to treat these innocent people like criminals.
Tarrlok	 This is an Equalist rally.  There is nothing innocent about it.
Asami	 They're not Equalists, they're just normal people who want their rights back.
Tarrlok	 They are the enemy!  Round up all these Equalists!
Korra	 Stop!
Asami	 Hey! Let me go!
Tarrlok	 You're under arrest!
Mako	 What?  You can't do that!
Tarrlok	 Actually, I can. She's a nonbender out past curfew  and her father is a known Equalist conspirator.
Mako	 Let her go!
Tarrlok	 Arrest him and his brother! 
Korra	 Tarrlok! 
Tarrlok	Unless you want to join your friends in prison, I suggest you put those down and go back to the Air Temple.
Mako	Korra, listen to him. It's not worth it. 
Bolin	 We'll be all right.
Korra	 Don't worry, I'll call Tenzin. He can get you out. 
Tarrlok	So sad to see your little Team Avatar broken up. You had a good run.
Korra	 This isn't over, Tarrlok.
Tarrlok	Oh, I believe it is.  Take them away. 
Korra	 Hey! 
Tenzin	I came as fast as I could. Are your friends all right?
Korra	 I don't know! These knuckleheads won't tell me anything.
Tenzin	 I'll take care of this.  Saikhan, a word please.
Saikhan	 Councilman Tenzin, I'm pretty swamped at the moment. Can this wait?
Tenzin	No, it cannot. Three of Avatar Korra's friends were wrongly arrested tonight. I'd like you to release them immediately.
Saikhan	They're not going anywhere. They were interfering with police business.
Korra	Your so called police business was rounding up innocent people and claiming they were Equalists. They should be released, too.
Saikhan	All Equalists suspects are being detained indefinitely. They'll be freed if and when the task force deems they are no longer a threat.
Tenzin	Those people are entitled to due process under the law.
Saikhan	You'll have to take that up with Councilman Tarrlok.
Tenzin	 Oh, I plan to. At the council meeting, first thing in the morning. 
Korra	 You're officially the worst Chief of Police ever! 
Tenzin	 Calm down, Korra.  I'll get this sorted out, we just need to be patient.  But you really are the worst!  Ever! 
Korra	 Wake up, Naga.  Let's go.
Korra	 Wait for me here, girl.  Don't worry, I'll be all right.
Korra	 You and I need to talk. 
Tarrlok	 Are any of the other council members here?
Tarrlok	Then you should do the same.
Tarrlok	Leave us. [The council page looks at Korra before looking back at Tarrlok. He bows and quickly walks away.] You obviously have something on your mind? Spit it out.
Korra	Don't you see? You're doing exactly what Amon says is wrong with benders. You're using your power to oppress and intimidate people!
Tarrlok	 And you don't?
Korra	 Of-  Of course not!
Tarrlok	Isn't that what you came here to do? Intimidate me into releasing your friends.  See, that's what I admire about you, Korra. Your willingness to go to extremes in order to get what you want. It is a quality we both share.
Korra	 You and I are nothing alike!
Tarrlok	Look, I'll make you a deal. You fall in line and do what I say and I'll release your friends.
Korra	 That's why you arrested them? To get to me?
Tarrlok	 I need your answer.
Korra	 No. You might be able to manipulate Chief Saikhan into following you, but it won't work on me.
Tarrlok	 You will regret that decision.
Korra	You need to be stopped!  You're just as bad as Amon!
Tarrlok	 I've tried to work with you, Korra, but you've made it impossible.
Korra	 Still think that I'm a half-baked Avatar?
Korra	What are you gonna do now? You're all out of water, pal.
Tarrlok	You're in my way Avatar, and you need to be removed.
Korra	 You're, you're a bloodbender?
Tarrlok	Very observant.
Korra	 It's not a full moon!  How- how are you doing this?!
Tarrlok	There are a lot of things you don't know about me.
Korra	Where are you taking me?
Tarrlok	Somewhere no one will find you.  Say goodbye to Republic City, Avatar Korra. You'll never see it again! 
Korra	 You can't do this!  Let me out!  Garh!
