Tenzin	I can't believe my little girl had to guide Korra into the Spirit World instead of me. If anything happens to her I won't be able to forgive myself.
Kya	 She's very smart, and she obviously has a strong connection to the spirits. She'll be fine.
Bumi	Yeah, Dad went all the time!
Tenzin	They won't have their bending in there. They'll be defenseless!
Bumi	 Ahem? Excuse me? But I've never had bending, and I don't think I'd call myself defenseless.
Tenzin	Of course you aren't, because you have your ...  um ...
Kya	 Positive attitude?
Bumi	 I would've said acute intellect and cat-like reflexes, but whatever.
Tenzin	Why don't you two get some sleep. I'll take the first watch.
Kya	Wake us up if you need some company.
Bumi	Or if any interesting spirit-y stuff happens, like their bodies start floating around and you need someone to help you grab them before they fly off!
Kya	 Bumi!
Bumi	 I'm just saying, we're here if you need us.
Tenzin	I know you are. Thank you.  Please come back soon.
Jinora	Isn't it beautiful?
Korra	 Just ... stick close to me, okay? This seems nice, but you never know when we'll run into some dark spirits. Huh! 
Jinora	Look! It's like it's made of jewels!  The spirits are so much more beautiful in their own world than they are at home.
Korra	Jinora, be careful! Hold on!  Uh! 
Korra	Sorry!
Korra	[Smugly.] I'm the Avatar.
Korra	I'm trying to find the spirit portals? I opened one-
Korra	No, I did, but-
Korra	B-because I was at the South Pole!
Meerkat spirit #6	Get out of our world!
Meerkat spirit #8	You don't belong here!
Korra	Get away from me! 
Korra	Jinora!
Jinora	Korra! Stay calm! Your energy is upsetting them. You're only making it worse!
Jinora	Ahhh!
Korra	Jinora!
Korra	 Jinora? Jinora!
Korra	Jinora.
Korra	 Jinora.
Jinora	Korra! Where are you! Hello? I'm lost.  Can anyone help me?
Jinora	 Furry-Foot?  Is that you?  It's so good to see you again!  You're so big here.  I don't suppose you know where Korra is, do you?  We were supposed to go find the spirit portals,  but I don't know how to find anything down here.
Jinora	 It's like an awesome tree house!  Wait, I've read about this place.  Grandpa Aang came here. It's Wan Shi Tong's Spirit Library.
Korra	Ahhh!  Get away!
Korra	 I'm sorry I swatted you.  You just scared me.
Iroh	You two look lost. Maybe I can help you.
Korra	 I know you.
Iroh	I was good friends  with Avatar Aang.
Korra	Iroh!
Iroh	Hello, Korra.
Iroh	I'm glad you came to visit us in the Spirit World, Korra. You came just in time.  We're having a little tea party, to celebrate May-Jim's wedding. 
Korra	How can you marry each other? Aren't you ...
May	Complete opposites? I know!
Jim	I tried to fight it, but she really grew on me!
Iroh	The Spirit World is very mysterious, but so is love. Help yourself to some tea and cakes.  They are spirit cakes, so you won't gain any weight-  of course, you won't lose any either!
Korra	This part of the Spirit World isn't so scary.  My teapot!
Iroh	That's right. It was yours long, long ago.  When you were Avatar Wan, you used it to carry the light spirit, Raava, around- until the two of you became one. It is my favorite thing I found here.  You know, when you make tea in it, you can still taste a little light in every cup.
Jinora	Wow. I could just stay in here forever, reading.
Jinora	Professor Zei!
Jinora	I thought anyone could come in if they brought you some new knowledge?
Jinora	Well, since you've been down in the Spirit World, the humans have invented radio. [Folds her arms smugly.]
Jinora	But do you know how it works?
Jinora	Actually, when we speak, our voices produce sound waves. Radio takes those sound waves and converts them into electromagnetic energy that is transmitted through the spectrum-
Jinora	My grandfather was the Avatar, and I came to the Spirit World with the new Avatar to find the spirit portals. I would think that you'd wanna help me.
Jinora	Come on, Furry-Foot, we gotta hurry!
Iroh	They say that the game of Pai Sho was invented by the spirits ... although some of them don't seem to grasp it very well. 
Iroh	As you can see, it is a game that requires great patience. But time does not mean much to us here.
Korra	How long have you lived here?
Iroh	Oh, I've been here for many years. I had always enjoyed the company of the spirits,  so when my work was done in the material world,  I chose to leave my body behind and come to the Spirit World! It can be a wonderful place, and I've made so many friends.  Korra, what's wrong?
Korra	I came here with my friend, but I lost her and now I'm all alone.
Iroh	You're not alone Korra, it's okay.
Korra	No! It's not okay! Jinora's gone and I need to find her! She's lost, and we need to go home!  I don't like the Spirit World, I don't want to be here anymore! 
May	Did you say something to her?
Jim	Me? You're the one with the big mouth!
Iroh	Korra, please stop! Look at what you're doing to everyone!
Korra	 I did that?
Iroh	In the Spirit World, your emotions become your reality- especially for the Avatar, because you are the bridge between the two worlds. You must try to stay positive. 
Korra	I'm sorry.
Iroh	There, you see?
Korra	I can make the sun shine?
Iroh	Even in the material world, you will find that if you look for the light, you can often find it. But if you look for the dark,  that is all you will ever see.
Korra	I'm looking for my friend. I want her here now!  Why didn't she come out like the sun?
Iroh	I'm afraid finding her won't be so easy.
Korra	But what am I supposed to do?
Iroh	Sometimes the best way to solve your own problems is to help someone else.  This little fellow needs to go home as well. Maybe if you help him find his friends, you will be able to find yours. 
Korra	I'll take him home! Where do I go?
Iroh	The dragon bird nest is located there, at the top of Hai-Riyo Peak.
Jinora	Ugh, it's not in here either! I have to find the portals. Korra is probably waiting for me there right now! I need to find a map that shows where the spirit portals are, could you help me? Thanks, this is it! The Tree of Time! That's where Avatar Wan imprisoned Vaatu! The elders believe that as long as the portals are closed during the Harmonic Convergence, Vaatu will remain imprisoned and the battle between good and evil will not be fought again. But, if both portals are open, spirit energy is amplified greatly. During the Harmonic Convergence, this energy will be great enough to allow Vaatu to break free from his bonds, and the material world will again risk being consumed by darkness. We have to warn Korra!
Unalaq	Leaving so soon? When Wan Shi Tong told me he had a visitor, I had to see it with my own eyes. I can't believe Tenzin sent his daughter here instead of coming himself - what kind of a father is he?
Jinora	Better than you. Wan Shi Tong, how can you be helping him?
Jinora	Why would you wanna help Vaatu escape? He'll destroy everything!
Unalaq	Don't believe everything you read. Why don't you come with me, so you can do some firsthand research? 
Jinora	Furry-Foot ...?
Korra	This looks scary. Will you come with me?
Iroh	This is something that you must do on your own. The people who have been coming to the Spirit World lately have brought darkness and anger. So that is what you see now. But you have light and peace inside of you. If you let it out, you can change the world around you. Besides, look at this little fellow. This mountain is his home. When you first met him, you were frightened. But does he seem scary to you now?
Korra	No!
Iroh	Many things that seem threatening in the dark become welcoming when we shine light on them. It was good to meet you. Come visit me again - in this life, or the next.
Korra	Bye! Okay, time for you to go home. Light and peace ... light and peace ...
Korra	I'm not afraid of you. You're not scary! You just look that way. I have light inside! It's okay, you can be my friends. My name is Korra, and I'm taking this dragon bird home! Iroh said you could be nice. Do you wanna help me? All right, now let's close that portal and go find Jinora.
Korra	That's where Vaatu is.
Vaatu	So you've returned, Raava. The Harmonic Convergence is coming soon, and this time, I'm going to wipe you out for good.
Korra	I think you've said that before, Vaatu. But I'm here to close the portal. You're not getting out.
Vaatu	You might want to reconsider- that is if you want to save your friend.
Korra	Jinora!  I can't believe I trusted you! You made me think you wanted to restore balance with spirits, but this- this isn't balance, it's madness! Now let her go!
Unalaq	If you want your friend to make it out of the Spirit World, you'll open the other portal now.
Jinora	Don't do it Korra!
Unalaq	What will it be? Open the portal- or lose your friend's soul forever?
Korra	Stop! I'll do it.  Now let Jinora go. Ahhh! 
Unalaq	You should've come through the portal. Then you could do this!
Jinora	Ahhh! Korra!
Korra	Ahhh!
Vaatu	I'll see you soon, Raava. Once the Harmonic Convergence comes, I'll be free from this prison, and then I will have my revenge!
Tenzin	Korra! What was it like? Did you manage to close the portal? Was Jinora able to help you?
Korra	Tenzin- I'm ... I'm sorry.
Tenzin	Where's Jinora? W-Why isn't she waking up? Korra! What happened to my little girl?
