Mako	 It's been great having you at so many back-to-back practices, Korra.
Korra	 Feels good to be back, although  Tarrlok isn't too happy about my leave of absence.
Bolin	Hey, you joined the Fire Ferrets before you joined his task force.
Mako	Okay, come on, team huddle time!
Mako	It's our first match of the tournament tonight. I know the three of us haven't been a team for very long, but even so, the Fire Ferrets have never been this good. Are we ready?
Asami	[Walks in the practice room with the Future Industries sponsored gear.] Not quite, you'll need these. [Holds up a shirt with the Future Industries logo on it.]
Mako	Hey, Asami.
Asami	Good morning, sweetie.
Mako	These new uniforms look great!
Asami	You look great, champ!
Mako	Well, teammates, I'll see you before the match tonight. Asami and I have a lunch date.
Bolin	 Okay, we'll check you guys later, you know, we'll see you when we see ya.
Bolin	 So, Korra. There they go, here we are, all alone in the gym, just you and me, two alone people. Together. Alone.
Korra	Ah, I gotta head back to the air temple to train with Tenzin. See ya!
Bolin	"Work with me here, Pabu! You wanna look spic and span in your new uniform, don't you?  So, what do you think of Korra, in a ""girlfriend"" sort of way?"
Mako	She's great! But I think it makes more sense for me to go for Asami.
Bolin	 I was talking about a girlfriend for me! Leave some ladies for the rest of us!
Mako	I know, that's what I thought you meant.
Bolin	Well ...?
Mako	I don't know, Bo. It doesn't seem like a good idea for you to date Korra.
Bolin	You just said she was great two seconds ago.
Mako	"Yeah, Korra is a great athlete and the Avatar and stuff, but I don't know if she's really ""girlfriend material"". She's more like a pal."
Bolin	Bro, you're nuts! Korra and I are perfect for each other: she's strong, I'm strong; she's fun, I'm fun; she's beautiful, I'm gorgeous! Okay, I don't care what you think, I'm gonna ask Korra out.
Mako	Look, it just isn't smart to date a teammate, especially during the tournament. Keep your head out of the clouds and your priorities straight, okay?
Bolin	Yeah, yeah, I know, gah.  You know what I'm talking about, Pabu, I'm talking about real love. 
Jinora	So, how's it going with the tall, dreamy firebender boy? You've been spending a lot of time together lately.
Ikki	Oooh, yeah! Tell us all about the magical romance.
Korra	What?  Listen to you two, I-I'm not interested in Mako or any romantic stuff.  Besides he's all into that prissy, beautiful, elegant, rich girl ... but let's just pretend for a second I am interested in him. What would I do?
Jinora	Ooh! I just read a historical saga where the heroine fell in love with the enemy general's son, who's supposed to marry the princess. You should do what she did!
Korra	 Tell me!
Jinora	She rode a dragon into battle and burned down the entire country.  Then she jumped into a volcano. It was so romantic!
Korra	Uhh ...
Ikki	No, no, no!  The best way to win a boy's heart is to brew a love potion of rainbows and sunsets that makes true lovers sprout wings and fly into a magical castle in the sky, where they get married and eat clouds with spoons and use stars as ice cubes in their moonlight punch. Forever and ever and ever! 
Korra	The volcano is starting to make more sense to me now. 
Korra	 Oh, hey Pema. Uh, how long were you standing there?
Pema	Long enough. But trust me, I know what you're going through. Years ago I was in the exact the same situation, with Tenzin.
Ikki	 Daddy was in love with someone else before you?
Pema	That's right.
Korra	So what did you do?
Pema	Well, for the longest time, I did nothing. I was so shy and scared of rejection, but watching my soul mate spend his life with the wrong woman became too painful. So I hung my chin out there and I confessed my love to Tenzin. And the rest is history.
Shiro Shinobi	Folks, after a year of waiting the Pro-bending Championship is finally here. Tonight is the first set of matches in our single elimination sixteen team bracket. And I gotta tell ya, these are the most tenacious and talented bending trios this arena has ever seen.
Shiro Shinobi	What an explosive opening volley. Both teams quickly recover and unleash a barrage of bending. I am astonished with the level of improvement displayed here by the Fire Ferrets. No wonder the Avatar has been absent from the papers lately. She's obviously had her nose to the grindstone in the gym. The Ferrets advance into Rabaroo territory and are holding nothing back. Nice sprawl there by Mako. Bolin strikes, Ula dodges, and all three Rabaroos are down. The Fire Ferrets easily take round one!
Shiro Shinobi	The Rabaroos are looking for payback and they go straight after Bolin. Korra comes to his defense and water-whacks Umi back into zone two! The Ferrets are on fire tonight and they win round two.
Shiro Shinobi	With the Rabaroos down two rounds they'll need a knockout to win, and with the way the Fire Ferrets are playing I don't see that happening. These Ferrets are working together like a well-oiled bending machine. Bolin passes Adi back into zone two and the Ferrets get the green light to advance. The Rabaroos are just fighting to stay at their feet at this point. Out goes Adi, and Ula, and Umi!
Bolin	[The team cheers.] That's what I'm talking about! [To audience.] Thank you, thank you very much! Thank you all you fans!
Mako	 Wow, we were really connecting out there in that ring.
Korra	Yeah! You know, I feel like the two of us have been connecting really well out of the ring, too.
Mako	Uh, sure.
Korra	So, I was thinking we should spend some time together.
Mako	Oh, we've been spending lots of time together.
Korra	I mean outside of the gym, and not while searching for kidnapped family members or fighting chi blockers.
Mako	I don't know. Asami and I have —
Korra	 Look, I really like you and I think we are meant for each other! 
Mako	 Korra, I'm really sorry, but I just don't feel the same way about you.
Korra	Forget I ever said anything ...
Asami	 Congratulations, guys! You were so amazing out there. 
Bolin	So, Korra, I was thinking, you and me, we could get some dinner together, sort of a date situation.
Korra	Oh, that's really sweet, but I don't think so. I don't feel very date-worthy.
Bolin	Are you kidding me? You're the smartest, funniest, toughest, buffest, talentedest, incrediblest girl in the world!
Korra	 You really feel that way about me?
Bolin	I felt that way since the moment I saw you! Trust me, I know we're gonna have so much fun together.
Korra	 You know what? I could use some fun. Okay, sure!
Bolin	Yes! Who's the luckiest guy in the world? Right here, Bolin!
Bolin	 So, how do you like it?
Korra	 Hmm, it's delicious and totally authentic! I didn't realize how much I missed Water Tribe grub.
Bolin	 That's great, 'cause this is my favorite joint. See? You love Water Tribe food, I love Water Tribe food, just another reason we are so great together.
Korra	 They are good noodles! Hey, who's that creepy guy over there who keeps glaring at us?
Bolin	That's Tahno and the Wolfbats, the reigning champs, three years running. Don't make eye contact.
Bolin	Uh-oh, here he comes. Now don't mess with this guy, he's a nasty dude. 
Tahno	 Well, well, well, if it isn't the Fire Ferrets. Pro-bending's saddest excuse for a team. Tell me, how did a couple of amateurs like you luck your way into the tournament? Especially you, Avatar. You know, if you'd like to learn how a real pro bends, I could give you some private lessons.
Korra	 You wanna go toe-to-toe with me, pretty boy?
Tahno	Go for it. I'll give you the first shot. 
Bolin	 Korra, don't. He's just trying to bait you. If you hit him, we're out of the tournament.
Bolin	Whoa, ho, ho, I've never seen someone harass Tahno like that. You are one of a kind, Korra.
Mako	 What kind of game are you playing?
Korra	 Uh ... Pro-bending? We've got the quarterfinal match.
Mako	No, I mean with Bolin. You've got him all in a tizzy and I know you're only using him to get back at me.
Korra	I am not, we're just having fun together. What do you care, anyway?
Mako	 I'm looking out for my little brother. I don't want to see his heart get broken.
Korra	Wait a second ... you're not worried about him, you're jealous! You do have feelings for me!
Mako	What? Jealous? Don't be ridiculous.
Korra	Admit it! You like me.
Mako	No, I'm with Asami.
Korra	Yeah, but when you're with her you're thinking about me, aren't you?
Mako	 Get over yourself!
Korra	 I'm just being honest.
Mako	You're crazy!
Korra	You're a liar! 
Shiro Shinobi	Eight teams have been eliminated and eight advance into the quarter finals, which get underway way tonight. The rookies are about to take on the former and longest-reigning champs, the Boar-q-pines. Youth clashes against experience in a battle for the ages, or rather of the ages. [Bell sounds, indicating the match starts.] Korra dodges and, ooh, slams right into her teammate! Down goes Mako and Bolin and Korra!
Mako	[To Korra.] You were supposed to defend while I attacked!
Korra	I had an opening so I took it!
Bolin	What is up with you two? All right, whatever, just pull together, guys.
Ring announcer	Round three is a tie! We go to a tie-breaker to decide the match.
Referee	The Fire Ferrets win the coin toss!  Which element do you choose?
Mako	I got this.
Bolin	I know you usually handle these, but frankly, your head's not in the game. I'm gonna take this one.  We choose earth.
Ring announcer	The Future Industries Fire Ferrets win their quarterfinal match! [Bolin cheers.]
Mako	We need to talk. Look, sometimes you can be so infuriating. But I —
Korra	Save your breath. You've already made it clear how you feel about me.
Mako	No, I haven't. What I'm trying to say is: as much as you drive me crazy, I also think you're pretty amazing.
Korra	So you do like me?
Mako	Yes, but, I like Asami, too. I don't know, things are complicated. I've been feeling really confused and —
Mako	Bolin, this isn't what you think!  Great, look at what you did!
Korra	 You're blaming me?
Mako	 You kissed me!
Korra	 You kissed me back!
Korra	 Well played, Korra.
Mako	Morning, Narook. My brother here?  Thanks.  Come on. Wake up. Taking you home, bro.
Bolin	 Don't call me that. You're not my brother! You're a brother betrayer!  The only one I can trust anymore is Pabu! Pabu loves me. 
Mako	You're a mess, and we've got the biggest match of our lives tonight. Let's go. 
Bolin	 No! I'm not going anywhere with you, you traitor! 
Mako	Guess we'll have to do this the hard way. 
Bolin	 Why?
Mako	Told you dating a teammate was a bad idea.
Bolin	You're a bad idea! Put me down! Put me down!
Bolin	[Turning to Mako.] Hey! Watch it! [As his back is turned, he is struck by a blast of water and knocked off the edge.]
Referee	[Blows whistle.] Unnecessary roughness! Move back one zone!
Korra	I'll unnecessarily rough you up! 
Mako	Well, I guess there's always next year.
Korra	Come on! We still have a chance, even if it is a slim one!
Bolin	The way we're playing, we don't even deserve to be in the finals.
Korra	Look, if we don't pull together and work as a team, we'll never forgive ourselves.
Mako	Let's just get this over with.
Bolin	The sooner, the better.
Bolin	Owww!
Mako	Bolin! 
Mako	Are you okay? How's your shoulder?
Bolin	Ahh, it's messed up pretty bad. But I think I'll be all right.  Are we gonna be all right?
Mako	Of course we are. We're brothers. We'll get through this mess. I'm sorry.
Bolin	Me too! Girls ...
Mako	Seriously.
Bolin	[Excited.] Yes! She did it!
Mako	 Yes! Yeah!
Bolin	Ha, ha! [As Mako hugs him tightly in celebration.] Shoulder! Shoulder!
Mako	 Sorry.
Bolin	 That, was pretty much the coolest thing I've ever seen.
Mako	Thanks for not giving up on us. We never would have made it this far without you. I owe you. Big time.
Korra	You're welcome. So ... I know things are confusing right now, but I hope we can still be friends.
Mako	Definitely.
Tahno	 Ooh, oof. You boys smell something in here? Wait, I know what that is; yeah, that's the scent of losers.
Korra	 I hope we see you in the finals. Then we'll know who the losers really are.
Tahno	 Yeah, I'm peeing my pants over here.
Asami	Great job! [To Korra as they both look at her while embracing.] What a comeback, Korra. I've never seen a hat trick like that.
Korra	Thanks!  But, if it hadn't been for you and your father, we wouldn't have had the chance to play. So thank you.
Bolin	"Uh, if everyone's done with the little ""thank you"" party, need some medical attention over here."
Korra	Ooh, let me help! 
Bolin	 Owww! Gah! Haven't you hurt me enough, woman?
Korra	Relax, I'm a healer!  I learned from Katara, the best there is.
Bolin	No, no, oh- ooh! That's the stuff!
Korra	Bolin, I'm sorry I hurt your feelings. I didn't mean to let things get so out of hand.
Bolin	Ahh, I'll be all right. But we had fun together, didn't we?
Korra	I had a great time, honestly! You are one of a kind, Bolin.
Bolin	Please, go on. I enjoy praise.
Korra	What? How is it over already?
