Mako	Hey, has anyone seen Chief Beifong?
Korra	I think she's still sulking in her room.
Suyin	I know she has a problem with me, but she had no right to yell at Opal last night.  All set for your power disc game, guys?
Wing	 Yeah, all set to kick Wei's butt. 
Wei	I wanna power disc your face.  You should go play with us.
Korra	Um. I don't think I'd be much competition, since I can't metalbend.
Suyin	Really. Lin never offered to train you?
Korra	Nope. And I guessed I never thought to bring it up because I was learning to airbend, then there was the pro-bending, then I got tied up fighting Equalists. It was a busy few months.
Suyin	Well, it's probably for the best. I'm sure Lin would be a horrible teacher.  As the Avatar, you should have mastery over all the elements. I'd be happy to show you the basics.
Korra	Really? That would be great!
Opal	 You should try it, too.
Bolin	 Uh, nah. I'm more of an earth guy. The dirt, rocks; y'know, maybe some light gravel. That's kinda where my heart is.
Suyin	Okay, Earth Guy. Well, let me know if you change your mind.
Varrick	It worked! Zhu Li, mark it down. Magnet suit test successful.  Power down.  On to phase two: Zhu Li cleans up this mess. 
Lin	What do you two think you're doing?! Get back to work! [Groans uncomfortably and puts her hand on her face.]
Aiwei	Is everything all right here?
Lin	The Avatar is in danger, and these two knuckleheads are just standing around chit-chatting.
Aiwei	Don't worry, Zaofu is the most secure city in the world.
Lin	I'll be the judge of that. I'm going to check every inch of this place. 
Aiwei	Lin, you do not have to work while you are here. You need to relax.
Lin	I'm fine! 
Aiwei	It doesn't take a truth seer to know that you are under a dangerous amount of stress. If you don't deal with your suppressed feelings, there will be severe consequences to your health ... and your job.
Lin	I'm not interested in talking about my feelings.
Aiwei	You won't have to say a word. I know a great acupuncturist in town who will be able to help you. 
Lin	Hmm.
P'Li	 Seems like you made quite the stir on Air Temple Island. The cops are swarming the city looking for us.
Ghazan	You still want to try to take out the president?
Zaheer	No, he'll have to wait. We leave today.
Zaheer	There's our ticket out of here.
Driver	There's no money! I just made my last delivery!
Ming-Hua	We don't want money.
Lin	How many of those things are you going to stick in me?
Guo	I'll be placing several needles on each of your acu-points. There's nothing to be scared about. 
Lin	I'm not afraid of needles!
Guo	Please, close your eyes and take a deep breath.  This process corrects an imbalance in your chi. Please tell me if you feel any pain or pressure.
Lin	I can't feel a thing.
Guo	That's unusual. Your chi must be powerfully blocked. We're going to need more needles.  Acupuncture often taps into peoples' buried memories. These memories can sometimes be difficult to process.
Lin	 Huh, buried memories. Uh-huh.
Lin	Su, what are you doing home?
Suyin	 Wow, you almost look like a real cop!
Lin	You're supposed to be in school.
Suyin	 Oh no, are you going to tell Mom? It's not like she's going to care.
Lin	 Where'd you get all that stuff?
Boy	Oh, it fell off the back of a truck.
Lin	What are you doing hanging out with these losers?
Suyin	They're my friends and you have no right to call them that! Come on guys, let's get out of here.
Lin	 Su, stop.
Suyin	 Get your hands off of me!
Lin	You have so much potential. You're ruining your life!
Suyin	At least I have a life!
Suyin	 These meteorites are perfect for beginning metalbenders. The metals have a unique property, making them easier to bend.
Korra	That's amazing! 
Suyin	Here, try it!
Korra	Okay.
Korra	Bolin? Is that you?
Bolin	 No!
Korra	What are you doing? 
Bolin	Oh, hey ladies. Just uh ... I was just looking for Pabu. Pabu!
Korra	He's on your shoulder.
Bolin	 Oh, look there you are!  You know, I thought something was chewing on my ear. Probably need to get a shot. Pabu has sort of a ... a venom. Anyways, so what are you guys doing? You metalbending over here or something?
Suyin	Want to give it a shot?
Bolin	Nah, it's okay. I mean, only like one earthbender in a hundred can metalbend.
Suyin	Well, don't believe everything you hear. The only thing limiting you is your attitude.
Bolin	Well, maybe I'll just ... I'll just stay and watch. 
Suyin	Try to focus on the fine pieces of earth within the metal. 
Korra	I can't believe it! I'm metalbending!
Bolin	 Wow, you picked that up really, really quick. Guess you're that one in a hundred.
Suyin	 Great job, Korra.
Radio	Calling all units. Property reported on the corner of 5th and Harbor. Suspect's vehicle headed south on Hallow Boulevard. Units responding, identify.
Lin	 Unit three responding.
Suyin	Leave them alone! 
Lin	 Su?
Guo	Wait! Leaving in the middle of a session could make you sick!
Lin	I'm done here.
Korra	Are you going to stay in your room feeling sorry for yourself all day?  You owe Opal an apology for the way you treated her last night. Are you okay? You don't look good. 
Lin	I'm fine!
Lin	What did you do to me?
Guo	I tried to warn you. Come with me. Let's go finish the session.  Just relax and breathe.
Lin	So, you're robbing stores with the Terra Triad now?
Suyin	I didn't steal anything. I just drove the car. I owed my friends a favor. It's not a big deal.
Lin	I'm not letting you get away with this.
Suyin	 Oh, what are you going to do, Officer? Arrest me? 
Lin	Don't even think about taking one more step!
Officer	Good afternoon. Where are you off to today?
Driver	I, uh, got a delivery to make at Bao Yu. I should be back later today. 
Officer	You all right?
Driver	Yeah, just a little tired. One more pick-up, then I'm clocking out.
Officer	I thought you said you had a delivery?
Driver	 Did I?
Officer	I'm going to need you to step out of the vehicle and open the back of the truck.
Zaheer	Let's get out of here!
Opal	 Hey, Bolin.
Bolin	 Opal! Oh, wow, you ... really know how to sneak up on someone.
Opal	What are you doing?
Bolin	Oh nothing, you know, just ...  just thinking about my body and mustaches that I might have in the future. 
Opal	You're acting weird again.
Bolin	Sorry. I wasn't really thinking about all my mustaches. I'm just frustrated. I've been trying to metalbend and I can't figure it out. Don't tell anyone, okay?
Opal	Why not?
Bolin	Because it's embarrassing. This isn't the first time I've tried, and I've been wanting to metalbend ever since I heard about Toph. Your grandmother is my biggest hero!
Opal	 My mom grew up learning from Toph. Just go train with her. Stop being so scared.
Bolin	You know what? Maybe I am scared. But what about you? I know that you want to go to the Northern Air Temple to train with Tenzin, but you haven't done it, because you're afraid too!
Opal	You know what? You're right. I don't want to leave my family and disappoint my mom.
Bolin	Look at us! Talking about our feelings, supporting each other. 
Opal	It's nice.
Toph	 What were you thinking? And what were you thinking? You two have put me in an impossible position.
Lin	You're mad at me?  She's the one who was running around with criminals!
Suyin	 This is all your fault!
Lin	I was doing my job!
Toph	All right, enough! Here's what we're going to do. Su, you need to leave the city as soon as possible.
Suyin	What?! Where am I supposed to go?
Toph	You'll go stay with your grandparents. Lin, give me the arrest report. 
Lin	Mom, what are you doing?! You can't cover this up! There are witnesses.
Toph	I'm the Chief of Police! I can't have a daughter in jail!
Lin	So, once again, Suyin gets to do whatever she wants and there are no consequences. 
Toph	This is our only option.
Guo	You're going to feel a bit fragile, so it's probably best if you take it easy for a while.
Lin	 I don't need to rest. I need to do something I should've done a long time ago.
Suyin	Congratulations. You're the first metalbending Avatar. 
Bolin	So, umm, I've been thinking, and I'd like to try to learn metalbending.  I mean, I'm sure you have a waiting list or something of a couple years so.
Suyin	Let's get started.
Bolin	 I think Lin is mad about something.
Lin	Su, it's time we talk.
Suyin	After thirty years, you're finally ready to talk?
Lin	When we were in Mom's office that day, you could've taken responsibility for what you did. But instead, you stayed quiet and let Mom throw her whole career away.
Suyin	Mom didn't throw her career away. She retired the next year. She was a hero.
Lin	You think she wanted to retire? She was so guilt-ridden about what she did to protect you that she didn't feel worthy of her badge.
Suyin	Look, I admit that I was not a perfect kid and I've made some mistakes in the past but-
Lin	 You made some mistakes?
Suyin	 Lin, Mom and I already talked about this years ago and worked things out. If you had gotten together with us like we'd asked, you would know that I'm a different person now. I've been a different person for a long time.
Lin	You think that just because you live in a big, fancy house, and have a chef who cooks you fancy food, that you're a different person? Maybe you could fool everyone else, but you can't fool me. I see right through you.
Suyin	You know what, Lin? You're the one who hasn't changed. You're still a bitter loner who only cares about herself. No wonder Tenzin ended things with you years ago.
Suyin	Okay,  I guess this is how it's going to be.
Korra	 Should I stop them?
Bolin	You don't have any siblings, fighting is all part of the healing process.
Wei	 Go Mom!
Huan	 My sculpture!  Actually, it looks ... kinda better now.
Suyin	You've got it out of your system?
Lin	 Not quite yet!
Opal	 What are you two doing?! You're sisters! Why would you want to hurt each other?
Korra	Uhh, Whose going to knock? 
Bolin	No, no, no, no, no, no! Not me! You're the Avatar, why can't you do it?
Korra	Uhh, I can. But I just thought that ...
Mako	I'll do it.  Uhh, Chief, you've been sleeping for sixteen hours. We just wanted to make sure that you're okay.
Lin	 Good morning. 
Lin	What's this?
Chef	I call it the kalenutsco. It's a mixture of kale, coconut water, and walnuts.
Lin	 Not bad!  Opal, don't go. Please sit down, I want to talk to you.  Look, I'm just not really comfortable talking about these kinds of things, and ... well, I wanted to say that I'm sorry about the other night.
Opal	It's okay.
Lin	Your mother and I have a complicated relationship and ...
Opal	It's probably difficult for you to be here.
Lin	 You're a smart young woman, and an excellent airbender. I think it would be a wonderful opportunity to train with the other airbenders at the Northern Air Temple.
Opal	There's a part of me that wants to go, but ... I don't want to upset my mom.
Lin	When I was younger, all I wanted to do was please my mother. I became a police chief because I thought it would make her happy ... but it didn't. You need to make your decisions based on what you want. Don't make the same mistakes as I did.
Opal	Mom, Dad, can I talk to you?
Suyin	Opal has decided to go to the Northern Air Temple. I guess you had something to do with her decision.
Lin	Well, I was just ...
Suyin	It's okay. I'm glad she was honest with me. I want her to do what makes her happy. Mom gave us too much freedom, but I feel like I made the mistake of giving Opal too little. I think it's about time I let her choose her own way.  I'm sorry I gave you such a hard time when we were younger. I can't imagine what my life would've been like if Mom hadn't sent me away, if I had stayed in the city ...
Lin	You'd probably be in prison.
Suyin	You're probably right. Mako told me that you're an excellent police chief. Republic City is lucky to have you. I know Mom is proud.  Can we move on? I'd love for you to be part of my life again. There's plenty of space in the house, and the kids would love having their aunt around. I do need a new co-director for my new dance performance.
Lin	Whoa! Slow it down. How about for now, I just promise not to show up at your house and attack you again?
Suyin	Deal!
Ming-Hua	We should've grabbed one of those cops. Maybe they know something about where the Avatar is hiding.
Ghazan	She could be anywhere.
P'Li	We'll find her. It's just a matter of time.
Zaheer	 She's with the Metal Clan.
