Shiro Shinobi	 Bolin's a hero. The mover's star stopped Varrick's kidnapping attempt on President Raiko, proving his brother's innocence. Mako and Korra were reunited, but Korra has no memory of their break-up. Meanwhile, Jinora's spirit is still trapped in the Spirit World, and Tonraq and his southern forces have been defeated. Now it's up to Team Avatar to stop Unalaq before Harmonic Convergence.
Mako	What's up with the coat? And where did you get that pie?
Bolin	It's a Varrick ship, you never know what you're gonna find. There's a whole level filled with fun-house mirrors. Of course, there's also the catgator deck.  I miss that guy, he really knew how to make a long trip interesting. So, have you told Korra yet about how  you guys broke up, and you kinda started dating Asami while she was off getting attacked by dark spirits?
Mako	 Will you keep it down? I'm waiting for the right moment.
Bolin	Oh Mako, you know a wise man once told me that delivering bad news to a girlfriend was like ripping off a blood-sucking leech: you just have to do it fast and get it over with.
Mako	I hate it when you listen to me. Fine!
Tenzin	 Unalaq will be waiting for you. You'll need all of your Avatar power to stop him.
Korra	 I'm going to close the spirit portals, lock Vaatu in for another ten thousand years, and make Unalaq wish he'd never been born.
Korra	Thanks Mako.
Mako	Uh ... Um ...
Korra	 Did you want something?
Mako	Uh no, no, nothing.
Tenzin	As soon as we reach the Southern Water Tribe, we'll blast through the blockade at the main portal.  Then we can rendezvous with Tonraq and his troops, crash through the defenses around the portal, and enter the Spirit World.
Kya	Woah! Since when does my little brother wanna crash or blast through anything?
Tenzin	 I'll do whatever it takes to save my daughter.
Bumi	 We all want to save Jinora, but I think your plan might be a tad over-aggressive, seeing as there are only seven of us and one ship.
Tenzin	Really? And what do you suggest?
Bumi	 An attack like this calls for strategy. I remember when I was surrounded by pirates at the Hurricane Straits. We managed to capture them all, with just a feather, two eggs and a barrel of molasses.
Tenzin	 I don't want to hear any of your crazy stories now! This is serious!
Bolin	 Are we almost there?
Asami	Almost, but ...  I just picked up a distress signal from the southern troops.  There's a problem.
Korra	Mom!
Senna	 I'm so happy you're here.
Korra	Where's Dad?
Senna	Unalaq wiped out the entire southern resistance, and captured your father.
Korra	 I'll get him back.
Tenzin	 Where is my mother?
Senna	 She's in the healing hut. So many injured.
Katara	 What happened?
Tenzin	Her soul is trapped in the Spirit World.
Katara	Oh my goodness! How long has she been away?
Kya	 Almost a week. I've tried to keep her energy flowing, but I can feel her slipping away. You're the only one who can help her now, Mom.
Tenzin	How much longer can she survive like this?
Katara	I don't know, but she is very strong to have lasted this long.
Korra	I talked to the rebels. They said Unalaq's got the southern portal surrounded.  Harmonic Convergence is only a few hours away.
Tenzin	 Then we have to break through the enemy lines ourselves and get to the portal now.
Korra	 There's no use in talking any more. We know what our mission is.
Bolin	A suicide mission ...
Bumi	 You know, I was in a similar situation once. My platoon had crawled through the desert with no water for a week! But when we finally located the only oasis for a hundred miles,  it was surrounded by angry sandbenders. I realized our only chance to get to the water was to drop in from above.  So I fashioned together a catapult, and with the help of a few well-trained hog monkeys ...
Tenzin	Enough of your ridiculous lies! Can't you see that the fate of the world and Jinora's life depends on what we do here today?!
Asami	Hold on, maybe Bumi's right.  We don't have a catapult and hog monkeys, but we have a flying bison and there's a plane on Varrick's ship. Maybe we can attack from above.
Korra	 What are you thinking?
Asami	 Mako, Bolin and I can use the plane to create a distraction, and scatter some of the defenses. You, Tenzin, Bumi and Kya can fly into the spirit portal on Oogi when you see an opening.
Korra	 Let's get moving.
Eska	 What are we still doing here, Father?
Desna	 The invasion was completely successful and the southern tribe is under our control. The spirit portals are open.
Eska	You've restored balance. Now we would like to go home.
Unalaq	 You don't understand. Everything I've achieved so far will pale in comparison with what I'm about to accomplish.
Desna	 What else is there? The Water Tribe is united.
Unalaq	After today, there will be no more Water Tribe; no more nations of any kind.  The world is about to be transformed into something magnificent, and new.  And I will lead this glorious revolution. Now go outside and get the troops ready to defend the spirit portal.
Eska	From whom? We've already beaten everyone.
Unalaq	The Avatar will be here soon. She has no choice ...
Asami	Are you ready?!
Bolin	I'm an earthbender, strapped to the wing of a plane, hundreds of feet in the air, so, no?
Mako	Don't worry, there's no way they'll be expecting this.
Bolin	I think they were expecting it!
Bolin	 Asami!
Asami	 Get ready!  Fire!
Korra	There are spirits everywhere. I don't see an opening.
Tenzin	 Let's circle around and see if we can find a way in from the other side.  Hold on!
Tenzin	 The spirits are weighting Oogi down! We're losing altitude!
Bumi	 Get off of him you sticky, nasty little blob of goo!  Woah!  If I go, you're coming with me!
Kya	 Bumi!
Bolin	" I wish Varrick was filming this! We could call it ""Nuktuk: Sky Warrior""!"
Asami	 Brace yourselves!
Korra	Dad ...
Tonraq	 Korra ... I'm so sorry. I failed you.
Korra	 Don't give up. Harmonic Convergence isn't here yet. We still have a chance.
Mako	 We tried.
Unalaq	Congratulations, everyone.  You've all got front row seats for the beginning of a new world order.
Korra	 You don't know what you're doing, Unalaq. Freeing Vaatu won't make you powerful, it will only make you a traitor to everything good that's happened over the last ten thousand years.
Unalaq	 You think what Avatar Wan did was good? Driving almost all the spirits from this world? The Avatar hasn't brought balance, only chaos. You call yourself the bridge between the two worlds,  but there shouldn't be a bridge: we should live together as one.
Korra	Even if Vaatu escapes, I'll put him right back in his prison, just like Wan did.
Unalaq	 It's true that when Wan fused with Raava he tipped the scales in her favor, but this time I'll be here to level the playing field. When Harmonic Convergence comes, I will fuse with Vaatu, and together we will become the new Avatar:  a Dark Avatar. Your era is over.
Tonraq	 Think about what you're doing. I know that you've always had a deep connection with the spirits, but you're still a man. You're still my brother, you're Eska and Desna's father. Are you willing to throw your humanity away to become a monster?
Unalaq	 I'll be no more of a monster than your own daughter. The only difference is that while she can barely recognize her own spiritual power, I will be in complete alignment with mine. Vaatu and I will be as one. No one will be able to stand against us.  Keep them locked up. After the Harmonic Convergence, I will come for Korra.
Eska	Yes, Father.
Tenzin	 I failed in every way. We've lost Jinora forever.
Kya	There's still a chance. They didn't get Bumi.
Bumi	 Oh, you wanna play some more? Well, bring it on.  Oh, we're playing dirty, huh?
Bumi	Hmm ... Looks like we've got a music lover here.  Reinforcements!  All right, soldiers, looks like it's on us to save the day, luckily I've got a plan.
Korra	Eska, Desna, listen to me.  You've got to help us stop Unalaq. I know he's your father, but Vaatu has made him completely crazy.
Eska	 We will never turn on our father.
Korra	Please.  If you let me out now, I can still stop him from destroying everything.  Once he fuses with Vaatu, no one will be safe. Desna, he won't be your father anymore.
Desna	 You don't know what you're talking about!  Our father is the wisest man in the world. If he says what he is doing is right, I believe him.
Northern soldier 1	Huh?
Northern soldier 2	You know, if I wanted some ball of evil lurking over my shoulder all the time, I'd have stayed home with my mother-in-law.
Bumi	All right, spirit army.  Your general is here. Follow me!  It's working!  It's not working!
Bumi	Get me out of here!
Bumi	All right guys, rescue time.
Tenzin	 Bumi, how did you manage to take out this entire encampment on your own?
Bumi	 I did it all with my trusty flute and ... ah, never mind, you wouldn't believe it anyway. Let's get moving.
Tonraq	You run into the portal, I'll try to hold off anyone who comes after you.
Korra	 No, you're too hurt, you need a healer.  Asami, can you take Oogi and my dad back to my mom?
Asami	Mhmm. 
Korra	This is my fight now.
Tonraq	Korra,  I love you.
Korra	I love you too, Dad.
Asami	Yip-yip.
Korra	 Once we're inside, you go find Jinora.  Mako and Bolin will take care of Unalaq, while I close the portal so Vaatu can't escape.
Bolin	 Wait a second. Worst-case scenario: so we're fighting Unalaq, you close the portals and let's just say something happens to you. Are we going to be trapped in there for eternity?
Korra	 If everything goes as planned, we'll all walk out together after Harmonic Convergence.  If not ...  Let's go.
Korra	Tenzin, go find Jinora!
Tenzin	 C'mon!
Vaatu	You're running out of time, Raava.  I know you feel it coming.
