Wu	 So then the crowds are gathered, all excited to see my coronation, when all of a sudden, these boulders come rolling through. And guess what pops out of 'em? Earthbender dames! These gals start banging the boulders like drums, and sing the song of my royal lineage.  It's the most dynamite six-hour show you'll ever see in your life. 
Mako	Shouldn't you be getting ready to,  I don't know ... rule a whole nation?
Wu	 Now, now, now, don't get yourself in a tizzy.  I'll have ministers for all that!  No, sir, Mako, when we get to Ba Sing Se, it'll just be two kooky pals, living the life! 
Mako	 Yay ...
Raiko	Getting excited for your big day?
Wu	Does a platypus-bear poop in‒ Hey!  You can't put bleachers there! There won't be enough room for the Dance of the Badgermoles! Look, it's going to go like this. 
Mako	You sure that's the guy you want running the Earth Kingdom?
Raiko	Trust me. We'll be sending a delegation of experienced advisers to handle day-to-day governing.
Tenzin	 I see the prince is becoming accustomed to the burdens of leadership.
Raiko	You know royals. They love a ceremony. Have you received any word on the Avatar's location?
Tenzin	 Not yet, but I have airbenders all over the world on the lookout for her.  I hope they find her soon. I'm concerned about reports I've heard regarding Kuvira's growing military. They say she's throwing some of her dissenters into prison camps.
Raiko	Well, she'll be stepping down tomorrow. We can worry about correcting any of her mistakes after that.
Mako	And you're not worried about her handing power over to Prince Wu?
Raiko	 When Kuvira started cleaning up the Earth Kingdom, she knew her position wasn't permanent. She gave me her word that she'd step down.
Tenzin	 Still, I'd feel a lot better if Korra were here.
Korra	You got to help me get back into Avatar fighting shape.  I'm getting my butt kicked by losers all over the Earth Kingdom. The world needs me.
Toph	 Get over yourself! The world doesn't need you one bit.
Korra	 But, while I've been the Avatar, I've stopped some really bad people from doing some really bad things.
Toph	Listen, when I was Chief of Police in Republic City, I worked my butt off busting criminals. But did that make crime disappear? Nope. If there's one thing I learned on the beat, it's that the names change, but the street stays the same.
Korra	So, basically, you're saying that everything I've ever accomplished has been pointless.  And I thought Beifong was grumpy.
Toph	 I'm the original Beifong!
Korra	So ... you're not going to train me?
Toph	Well, I was planning on soaking my feet in mud for a few weeks.  But I can't stand you being so pathetic and getting your butt kicked all the time. All right, I guess I can help.
Korra	Thank you!
Toph	Na-uh-uh-uh. You want to hug something,  go hug a tree.  We're here to work!
Bolin	Hello Republic Cit-ay! Bolin ... is back!  And ... Eska is also here.
Eska	 I see you have replaced me with a new girlfriend.  Well done, she seems very threatening.
Bolin	Oh no no, that's Kuvira, she's kind of my boss.
Eska	 Boss, girlfriend. Same thing.
Cam	 I'm afraid there's been a mistake, Your Eminence. We have you and your brother booked in the same room, with only one bed.
Eska	It's no mistake. Desna sleeps in the tub.
Varrick	Never thought I'd be allowed back in the Republic City Four Elements.  Raiko must have turned purple when Kuvira made him pardon me of my alleged crimes.
Varrick	[Excited again, he moves his arms up and down as the cut focuses on him.] Upstanding is right! [Quiets down to a whisper, moving his eyebrows up and down.] And don't forget to fill the extra bag with as many of those little soaps as you can grab. [Fixes collar.] Love the lavender scent.
Mako	Bolin!  Look at you! My little brother got all ... important.
Bolin	I know, right? I see myself in the mirror sometimes and I think I'm in trouble before I realize: it's only me.
Mako	 So, what's it like working for Kuvira?  From what I've heard, she's pretty harsh.
Bolin	 No! I—I mean, she can be tough, sure, but we're turning around the Earth Kingdom like you wouldn't believe! You remember how bad Grandma's neighborhood in Ba Sing Se was? All that's completely changed, I mean, we are really ... helping people. But what have you been up to? Fighting crime?  Busting triads? Chasing the ladies,  Mako-style?
Mako	 Well, I've been working for Wu.  And, uhhh ...  Yeah.
Bolin	So, have you seen Korra yet?
Mako	No. She was supposed to come in with Tonraq, but he said she left the South Pole months ago. No one knows where she is.
Suyin	Hello, Baatar Jr.
Suyin	"I don't know if I'd call marching all over the Earth Kingdom, forcing people to bow to Kuvira, ""doing good""."
Suyin	I'm just glad she'll be stepping down after tomorrow.
Wu	I hope I'm not out of order saying this: You're pretty easy on the eyes for a military type. [Kuvira ignores him.] I'll put in a good word for you with the hotel staff, maybe get you a little upgrade. I've been living here for years, they love me.
Kuvira	I won't be needing your help. We've reserved the presidential suite.
Wu	Well, I think someone is pulling your chain, gumdrop! See, I'm in the presidential suite.
Kuvira	 Not anymore. I had you moved out.
Wu	 Wait, what?  Cam, where's all my stuff?
Cam	 We've moved you into a very nice junior suite on the seventh floor.
Wu	 Junior suite?
Kuvira	 Something you should know about me: I always get what I want.
Gun	 Your royal cabinet is here, your majesty!
Wu	Where have you been? My coronation is in ten minutes!  Where's everyone else? Where are the Seven Sacred Chests of Exquisite Finery? Where are my grandfather's taffeta pantaloons?
Gun	Sadly, most of your servants were scattered and the royal things were looted after the queen was  removed from office. So your coronation may not have some of the usual items ... like ... the crown.
Wu	There's no crown?! How can you have a coronation without a crown?  How will people know when I'm officially the king?
Gun	 We still have one of the royal jewels we can pin on you.
Wu	 An earring?
Gun	Think of it more as a royal brooch. 
Wu	Are you telling me that there are no dancing badgermoles? No acrobat bell ringers, no horn blowing announcery guy?
Gun	It will be a very simple, intimate, elegant ceremony. A wonderful day for your kingdom. Just try on the brooch, Your Grace, you will see it looks beautiful ... 
Wu	Don't ... touch me.
Toph	Okay, bring it!
Toph	Tell me what you did wrong.
Korra	 Well, I was thinking that you were ...
Toph	 Exactly! You were thinking!  Go again.
Toph	Pathetic. Of all the Avatar's I've worked with, you're by far the worst. I know that's only one other Avatar,  but still.
Korra	 Gah! Hey! It seems like you're enjoying having someone around to beat up an awful lot.
Toph	Yeah, the swampbenders out here really can't take a punch.
Korra	So ... what made you want to drop out and disconnect from the rest of the world?
Toph	I'm more connected to the world than you've ever been! The roots and vines ... they run all over the world. I can see Su and Lin, Zaofu and Republic City. I see everything.  You're blind compared to me.
Gun	Now rise, Wu of the Hou-Ting Dynasty, King of all the Earth Lands and glorious defender of Ba Sing Se. Long may you reign!
Spectator #2	[Just as disinterested.] Woohoo ...
Wu	 Thank you, for that incredibly brief, but very moving ceremony. I am touched by the love of my devoted countrymen, who have worked so hard to restore their beloved leader to the throne. One of them deserves special attention.  Kuvira, rise!  For your service to the realm, I would like to present you with the Kyoshi Medal of Freedom, our nation's highest honor, which was somehow not stolen, unlike the royal pinky rings.
Kuvira	Thank you. And if you don't mind, I would like to say a few words.
Wu	Why not?  We've got six hours to fill ...
Kuvira	 Growing up in Zaofu, with Suyin Beifong,  I learned that the idea of a royal family passing a title from one generation to the next was archaic, and that technology and innovation should be what drives a nation forward. It was the pathetic rule of kings and queens that caused the Earth Kingdom to descend into such incredible disarray. It's taken me three years to get it back on track, and there is no way I will allow it to slip back into the dark ages.  I'd like to make an announcement to the world: the Earth Kingdom is no more. And from here on out,  this man has no authority. 
Wu	Wait, what? But I just got the royal brooch!
Kuvira	 I have created a new Earth Empire, and I will continue to lead it into the future myself, bringing about a new era of prosperity for my people.
Crowd	 We love you, Kuvira!  All hail the Great Uniter!
Kuvira	And let me assure my fellow leaders of one thing:  Anyone who crosses our borders or stands in our way, will be crushed. 
Crowd	 Thank you, Kuvira! All hail the Great Uniter!
Wu	 Worst coronation ever.
Bolin	Were you surprised? Because I was really surprised. Won't this turn all the world leaders against us?
Varrick	 Relax, kid, what can they do? Kuvira controls the whole nation now, and Republic City is begging for the metal that we're mining. This train has left the station, and we own the track!
Varrick	Now that's a nice looking hunk of spirit vine! Let's take it back to the lab and get it stabilized immediately.
Kuvira	You look worried, Bolin.
Bolin	 Yeah, well, I just have some misgivings about how you kind of ambushed Tenzin and the other leaders.
Kuvira	You believe in the work that we've done for the people of the Earth Empire, right, Bolin?
Bolin	I do, but ...
Kuvira	 Then stick with me. I'm going to need your help now more than ever. Raiko and the other leaders want to bully us into accepting some idiot king who will serve them but neglect the people. We have to stand strong against them.
Bolin	"I'm just not sure about this whole ""Empire"" thing. It seems pretty aggressive. And what was that part about the crushing?"
Kuvira	That was just some ... tough rhetoric to let people know that we mean business. Believe me,  conflict is the last thing I want. Will you help me make history, Bolin?
Bolin	 I'll stand by you.
Kuvira	Thank you.
Suyin	We need to talk. 
Kuvira	 Can you give us the room, please? 
Suyin	I met with the world leaders, and I've come as their representative.
Kuvira	So now you're taking an interest in world affairs. A little late, isn't it? When the queen fell, and everyone was asking you to help keep the Earth Kingdom from falling apart, all you wanted to do was hide in Zaofu, and let others deal with the consequences.
Suyin	That's hardly fair. I didn't want to seize power for myself, which is what you've done. I'm telling you for the good of everyone, you have to step down.
Kuvira	I stepped up. I provide stability and equality. Tell your world leaders to stay out of Earth Empire business. We won't accept their hand-picked dictator.
Suyin	What makes you so different? You're just another tyrant. And don't pretend the people put you where you are. I know what happens to cities who don't want to hand over control to you.
Kuvira	Then you know what's coming for Zaofu.
Wu	First I lose my suite, then I lose my throne. My royal brooch is a lie!  I know you must be crushed, not getting to come back to Ba Sing Se with me.
Mako	 Don't worry about me. I'll ... find a way to make it.
Wu	Good ol' Mako, my big tough guy.  Okay. I just have to go on, move forward, take decisive action.  Let's go shopping!
Wu	 Ugh. Get rid of him. He's with her.
Mako	He's my brother. 
Bolin	Interesting ceremony, huh?
Mako	You aren't going to keep working for Kuvira now that she's going against the wishes of the entire world, are you?
Bolin	You don't understand. Kuvira is helping out all the poor people of the Earth Empire. People like our family. This is for the best.
Mako	I don't know, bro.
Bolin	Okay, why don't you come with me, and you'll see for yourself? We've done a lot of good, and Varrick is working on some new innovations. We're making history.
Mako	"By ""crushing"" anyone who gets in your way?"
Bolin	 That was just some tough rhetoric to let the people know that we mean business. I mean, Kuvira is basically just like Korra.  She might seem hard to deal with, but just because she's so passionate and believes in what she's doing.
Mako	It seems like she's just a dictator who's taking the Earth Kingdom by force.
Bolin	 Oh, okay, you think your new best friend in there  would be a better leader than Kuvira?
Mako	Well, no, but still ...
Bolin	Still what? Come on, Mako! I'm making a difference out there, what are you doing, huh? You're just some glorified butler for some snotty rich bozo!
Mako	I'm sorry, I don't want to work for your glorious emperor and her military dictatorship.
Bolin	 Fine! I'm going to go back to my awesome train, where we bring freedom where ever we go! Enjoy licking the king's boots in your junior suite! 
Wu	 Sorry, sport, I heard it all.
Mako	I can't believe him!
Wu	I know! Insulting another man's suite? It's beneath low. But I think I know what would cheer you up: a visit to Little Ba Sing Se Fashion Mall! I'll buy you a smoothie.
Mako	 Yeah. Okay.
Korra	That was terrible.
Toph	Hah! Maybe for you. I had a great time! I never realized how much I missed tormenting the Avatar  I wish you were putting up more of a fight, but it was still fun.
Korra	You were tossing me around like a ragdoll all day long.
Toph	I know! And I'm an old lady! Imagine me in my prime!  I would have destroyed you!
Korra	I just don't understand why I can't get back to my former self. It's like ... I'm a step slower. I'm tentative, I'm out of sync, I just can't get back in the groove.
Toph	 Probably carrying around that metal doesn't help.
Korra	 What metal?
Toph	The little bits of metal poison stuck in your body. Are you trying to tell me you can't feel metal in your own body? You really are the worst Avatar ever.
Korra	 I thought Su got it all out.
Toph	Oh, my girls never really picked up metalbending all that well, if you ask me.
Korra	 That's been my problem this entire time! I gotta get it out! You can get it out for me, right?
Toph	Who do you think you're talking to? 
Wu	Once we're done with these, we can go into the Middle Ring and I'll let you pick out some new suits, then we'll hit the boutiques in the Upper Ring for me.  Where did you get those shirts?
Girl #2	They're selling them over there.
Wu	 You can't sell that junk in here! This is the Little Ba Sing Se Fashion Mall, and I'm the Little King here! Respect the brooch!
Crowd	 Stop it, Little King!
Wu	 I am the Glorious Defender!
Crowd	 I'm covered in juice! Get him!
Mako	We need to get you out of here.
Wu	 It's destiny. Look where we are, Mako! The Royal Palace.
Wu	[Wrenches the scepter and the crown away from the boy, also taking the cape from his mother.] It's my coronation day! You'll have another birthday next year, but I'll never have this day back again! Never! [Breaks down into tears.]
Mako	Okay, you're losing it.
Wu	 This is the worst day of my life!
Mako	Why? Do you really want to be the king? I mean, Kuvira might be a power-crazed dictator, but at least she spent the last few years working hard to make the Earth Kingdom somewhat better. If you were an Earth Kingdom citizen, do you think you're the kind of person you want as your king? What have you ever done for your people?  I'm sorry, that was out of line.
Wu	No, you're right. No one ever talked to me like that before. I guess I'm just a joke who got what he deserved.
Mako	 Let's get you out of here and back to someplace safe.
Wu	Carry me?
Mako	 No.
Toph	Okay, if you want me to bend out this metal, you need to relax.
Korra	 I am relaxed.
Toph	 Seriously? Your body is like a twisted tree-trunk!
Korra	Just do it! I'm ready.
Toph	It wouldn't hurt if you would just relax! Stop fighting me!
Korra	I'm not fighting!
Toph	 All right, that's it. You're going to have to do this yourself. Clearly, you want to keep the metal in there.
Korra	What do you mean? Why would I want poison inside me?
Toph	I don't know! Maybe so you have an excuse not to go back to being the Avatar. If you don't get better, you can't do your job, so you don't have to worry about getting hurt again!
Korra	Wha‒ That's ridiculous!
Toph	Whatever. When you want it out, you can bend it out. I can't deal with all your issues for you.
Korra	Wait! What am I supposed to do now?
Toph	How should I know? Ask the spirit that brought you here. The good news is, if you're looking for a place to hang where no one will bother you, you picked the best swamp in the world!
Tenzin	This ... is a mission of the utmost importance. Conflict is coming to the Earth Kingdom and we need to find the Avatar.  Can I count on you three to bring Korra home?
Meelo	You can count on one of us. I don't know about these two ladies. 
Kuvira	From now on, developing this technology is your number one priority.
Varrick	This is going to change everything!.
