Tonraq	Did you see Zaheer?
Zuko	The only thing I saw was a snowstorm heading our way.
Tonraq	 That's not a snowstorm, it's him!
Tonraq	I put you away once, Zaheer, and I'm going to do it again!
P'Li	Ming-Hua.
Ming-Hua	Let's get you out of here.
P'Li	We could have just taken the elevator.  Show-off.
P'Li	I've waited thirteen years to feel this warm.
P'Li	I thought I'd never see you again.
Zaheer	I've never doubted it. 
Ghazan	Really. Right now?
Tu	 I've got them. These passports should get you into the Upper Ring.
Bolin	Awesome! Tu, you're the best cousin that I can have.  And my other cousins as well. Yeah. Yeah, you're all the best.
Mako	 Thanks. I know this wasn't easy.
Yin	It's such a shame you two must leave so soon.
Mako	I wished we could stay. But if it's true the Earth Queen is forcing airbenders into her army, we have to do something about it.
Yin	I love you both. Come visit again. 
Mako	We will, Grandma.
Bolin	I love you too, Grandma. And Chow, and Tu, and Meng-Meng, and Chow Jr., there is Big Tee and Little Tee, and Medium Yu, and ... and ... and what was your name again?
Korra	I know that Earth Queen  is lying to me!  I can tell by that stupid little queenly smirk of hers! I can't believe I helped her. I should have known she was using me!
Asami	Hey, I think I can use a break. You letting off steam is starting to,  hurt. A lot.
Korra	Sorry.
Asami	Mako. Bolin. You're okay. Where have you been?
Bolin	 We chased Kai. Train. Slipped away. Lower Ring. Slept in trash pile. Met our family. Grandma tears. Mako scarf.  Earth Queen. Lying. 
Asami	Can you interpret that?
Mako	The Earth Queen's been secretly taking away airbenders and forcing them into her army.
Korra	 She was lying. I knew it! I swear, the next time I see her-
Asami	 It's the Queen.
Bolin	 Quick! Pabu. Shirt.  I know. Sorry. Kinda sweaty.
Hou-Ting	Good. You're here. Gun, tell them the news.
Gun	We've received word from the Yang Province. There have been reports of airbenders there.
Hou-Ting	Wonderful, isn't it? It's the very thing you've been looking for.
Korra	 Thank you! That is just the most wonderful news. Ever. Yay.
Hou-Ting	So, I assume you and your  friends here will be leaving immediately.  Is there an animal in my presence?
Gun	N-no, Your Majesty. I would never allow an animal near you. 
Hou-Ting	 If I find one within fifty feet of me, it's your head.  Anyway, if you need any assistance packing, let Gun know. He'll see to it that you're on your way by evening.
Korra	Uhh, this evening? I'm not sure about leaving so soon-
Asami	Because our airship is having engine trouble. It'll take me until tomorrow to finish the repairs.
Korra	Thanks for buying us some time.
Tenzin	I can't believe the Earth Queen is conscripting airbenders.
Korra	Those people should not be forced to join an army!
Bumi	Well, technically, the Earth Queen has a right to conscript her citizens.  What? It's true.
Jinora	 Guys, what if Kai was spotted airbending? He might have been taken too.
Bolin	Probably not. He's surprisingly difficult to catch, like a— like a little, greased hog-monkey.
Jinora	But, what if he was?
Korra	Don't worry, Jinora. We'll find him. We just need to figure out where to look.
Mako	I bet they're under Lake Laogai.  What? I've been reading some of Jinora's books. The old Dai Li agents used to have a secret fortress beneath the lake.
Jinora	Mako's right! It's the perfect spot to hide airbenders, and I know how to check it out without being caught. I can project my spirit into it!
Bumi	You mean that out-of-body thing you did to help giant, spirity Korra?
Tenzin	You can still do that?!
Jinora	It's not as powerful as it was during Harmonic Convergence, but if I can get close enough, I think I can do it.
Korra	Let's go get Kai out. Let's get all the airbenders out.
Yung	Go easy on me! I'm not that good.
Kai	[To Yung.] Sorry.
Kai	I'm not a soldier!
Tenzin	If anything goes wrong, come back immediately.
Jinora	I will.
Korra	What happened? What did you see?
Jinora	The airbenders aren't there! It's completely deserted.
Tenzin	They're not down there?!
Korra	Jinora, you've read all about Ba Sing Se. Can you think of any other places the airbenders might be?
Jinora	I guess they could be in the catacombs beneath the Upper Ring, or the ancient sewers beneath the Lower Ring, or the maze of tunnels that connect the rings together, or they could be—
Tenzin	 There are just too many places. There has to be another way to locate them.
Korra	Maybe there is.  How did you find me during Harmonic Convergence?
Jinora	I don't know. I just kind of focused on your energy. I think our spiritual connection led me to you.
Korra	Maybe you can find Kai the same way. I know you two have a connection.
Tenzin	" What do you mean ""a connection""?"
Jinora	I don't know. Let me try.
Yung	Thanks.
Dai Li sergeant	I guess you're not as good as you thought.
Kai	Jinora?
Jinora	It worked!
Kai	How are you here right now?
Jinora	Shh, quiet. It's a high-level airbender move. With a little spiritual stuff thrown in.
Kai	 At first, for a second there, I thought you were a ghost.
Jinora	 It's good to see you. We've been looking for you and the other airbenders. We're going to get you all out of here. Where are we anyway?
Kai	Underground somewhere. Other than that, I don't have a clue.
Jinora	I'll figure it out. Don't worry.
Kai	Jinora!  Thanks.
Jinora	The Earth Queen's Temple!
Korra	I can't believe Miss Queeny Smug Face had them right under our noses the whole time!
Tenzin	We have to get into that compound tonight and get those airbenders out.
Bumi	All right. We go in under the cover of darkness: two small insertion teams and a third on the outside. Then all we'll need is twelve tons of blasting jelly, a medium-sized bulldozer and ... does anyone have a badgermole that knows Morse code?
Tenzin	
Asami	 Oh great, not the Queen again.
Korra	Everyone, act natural. And Bolin -
Bolin	I'm on it!  What? Hey, I'm not sweaty this time! 
Tenzin	 Lin? What are you doing here?
Lin	We need to get Korra out of here immediately. Her life's in danger.
Korra	What?!  What's going on?
Lin	I just got word from Lord Zuko and Tonraq.
Korra	Why is Lord Zuko with my dad?
Lin	Zaheer and the others have escaped.
Tenzin	How is that possible?
Lin	Because Zaheer is an airbender now.
Tenzin	No ...
Korra	 All right, hold on! Will you quit ignoring me and tell me what's going on? Who's Zaheer? Why is my life in danger?
Tenzin	 Shortly after we found out you were the Avatar, Zaheer and three others attempted to kidnap you. Luckily, your father, Lord Zuko, Chief Sokka and I were there to stop them. We apprehended the criminals and locked them away in prisons designed to impair their abilities.
Korra	So that's why you and my dad sheltered me away.
Tenzin	It was for your own safety.
Mako	 Why were they trying to kidnap Korra?
Lin	We spent thirteen years interrogating them, but they never broke. To this day, no one knows what their motive was.  Now we need to get you back to Republic City, where I can protect you.
Korra	No ... I'm not running.
Lin	Korra, you don't understand. These criminals are like nothing you've ever faced before.
Korra	 Look, I'm not a little kid anymore. You don't need to protect me. I came here for one thing: to find airbenders. And I'm not leaving without them.
Lin	Fine. Let's get them and get out of here. Where are they?
Korra	In a military compound, and we're busting them out.
Jinora	Hi.
Guard #2	Oh, it's just that little airbender girl who came with the Avatar. You shouldn't be walking around here all alone.
Jinora	 I'm not alone. 
Tenzin	Bumi and Korra, come with me to find the airbenders.  You three, find Kai. We'll meet on the surface shortly. Radio us if anything goes wrong.
Yung	What's going on? Who are you?
Korra	I'm the Avatar, and I'm getting you all out of here. 
Tenzin	Everyone, please! You must stay calm and quiet if we want this to work.
Yung	What to work?  We're sneaking out?
Korra	Yes, and we must leave now.
Tenzin	We're going to get you away from the Earth Queen and out of the city. 
Yung	There's an airbender that's not here. His name is Kai. We need to get him.
Tenzin	We're already taking care of it.
Bumi	 Topside, this is Papa Bear. The breezies are in the hold; cue the balloons!
Lin	 What? Are you in trouble?
Bumi	No! We've got the airbenders and we're headed out!  No one likes code names anymore.
Lin	Copy that. Asami and I are on our way.
Mako	Come on. We're getting you out.
Jinora	Kai! 
Bolin	Whoa! Tenzin's not gonna be happy about this!
Mako	Then don't tell him.
Bolin	How can I not? This is too juicy!
Kai	 Thanks for coming to get me. I'm really sorry about stealing your wallets, and running away, and getting you stuck on that train.
Bolin	 We can't stay mad at you.
Mako	Yes, we can! I had a lot of money in that wallet!
Jinora	Guys, come on! 
Korra	[To Tenzin and Bumi.] Come on! It's clear. [They run out, not noticing Dai Li agents hiding on the structure of the temple, who quickly surround them.]
Hou-Ting	So, you've discovered my elite army. I see their loyalty still needs some work.
Korra	These airbenders shouldn't be used as weapons! They have a right to choose their own paths.
Hou-Ting	These airbenders are Earth Kingdom citizens, and I am their queen. Taking them will constitute an act of war. If you disobey me, I will bear down on you with the entire force of my kingdom!
Korra	They're leaving with me!
Hou-Ting	No, they're not!
Bumi	Come on!
Kai	 I guess I am as good as I thought.
Bumi	Everyone's in. Let's go!
Tenzin	Oogi!
Hou-Ting	 Take down those airships! 
Korra	Where are the others? 
Bolin	 We need help!
Bolin	Everybody, hang on.
Kai	Whoa, that was awesome!
Hou-Ting	Bring me those airships now!  Oh, get it off me!  Get this fur off my- 
Tenzin	I know that none of you chose to become airbenders. But now you do have a choice. We can relocate you somewhere safe, or you can come with me to the Northern Air Temple, to live in peace and train as Air Nomads. You are no longer anyone's property. What path you decide is up to you.
Yung	I want to go with you.
Other airbender #2	Count me in.
Korra	Good luck at the Northern Air Temple. I'll send more airbenders your way when I find them.
Tenzin	Be careful out there. Stay safe.
Korra	I'll try. Seems like wherever I go, I make a new enemy.
Tenzin	But you made some new friends too. You did well, Korra. 
Korra	This is only the beginning.
