Bolin	All right, let's do this!  Saving the Beifongs and saving our love, because I vow to repair the rift that has grown betwixt us and make us whole again!
Bolin	[Timidly.] Yes, ma'am.
Opal	Kuvira tore down all the domes. Why would she do that?
Lin	 She's got a whole battalion of troops stationed there. There's no way we'll be able to spot anything useful from here. We'll have to go in for a closer look.
Toph	Don't bother. All the prisoners have been moved.
Lin	 Uh ... hey, Chief.
Toph	Hey, Chief.
Opal	 Grandma Toph!
Toph	You were only up to my waist the last time we were together.
Bolin	 Oh, man! Ohh, I can't. This can't be happening! 
Toph	What?! Do you have to pee or something? 
Bolin	No ... well, now, maybe. You're my hero! My name is Bolin. I'm dating your granddaughter, I mean, kind of. I may have screwed that up, but that's why I'm here and you're my hero! Oh, I said that. Can I have a hug too?
Toph	What's up with him?
Lin	He's an actor. So, you already checked the city for Su? How did you know she was captured?
Toph	I've been living in the swamp and keeping watch on Zaofu through the vines.
Bolin	Sure, okay, makes sense.
Toph	By the time I got here, they were gone. I snooped around town and heard that they were taken away to some nearby prison camp.
Opal	 Where would that be?
Bolin	 There's a factory and reeducation facility not too far away.
Toph	 How do you know that?
Opal	Bolin used to work for Kuvira.
Toph	 How did you end up dating the kind of dipstick who works for Kuvira?
Bolin	" ""Used to""!"
Lin	 It's not his silver tongue, I can tell you that. 
Bolin	 Please tell me this attitude isn't hereditary.
Opal	Grandma, this is Juicy.
Toph	 And I thought Appa was smelly. Why would you choose this leaky, nasty thing?
Opal	 You don't choose your bison. He chooses you.  And once he chooses you, you can't change. Believe me, I checked.
Raiko	The borders are secure and troops are guarding the rail lines into the city.  So what have you two geniuses come up with to fend off Kuvira?
Varrick	 It's a flying mecha suit!  Asami got the idea from watching dragonfly-hummingbirds. You can take off straight up, fly in any direction—
Raiko	 Where does the spirit ray come out?
Varrick	 It doesn't have a spirit ray. I'm telling you what I told Kuvira: That technology should not be used!
Raiko	 It's already being used by Kuvira! I need spirit vine weapons and I need them now!
Korra	 No. It was Kuvira's harvesting of the vines in the swamp that caused the Republic City vines to go crazy and grab all those people.
Raiko	You're supposed to be the bridge between the two worlds. Why can't you harvest the vines?
Korra	I won't do that. But maybe since the spirits love Republic City so much, I can convince them to help us defend it somehow.
Raiko	 Hm.
Wu	Okay, maybe while the weapon geniuses and the spirit bridge are getting ready for battle, we should be evacuating the ordinary citizens so that if Kuvira attacks, they won't be hurt.
Raiko	 That's ... actually a good idea.  Prince Wu, you work with the police to coordinate getting people out of the city. Now everyone get to it. I want daily updates.
Mako	Nice job in there. I'm proud of you. You're starting to act like the kind of king I'd like to work for.
Wu	"Thanks.  And if Korra buys this ""man of the people"" thing, I still might get to date her."
Mako	 You always have to ruin it.
Wu	What? Come on! Why do you think guys do anything great? To pick up girls. Every work of art, every song, every city evacuation, all for the ladies. 
Baatar Jr.	Zhu Li, initialize phase one.
Baatar Jr.	[Reluctantly.] Shut it down.
Baatar Jr.	[Urgently.] Everyone get out! Now!
Baatar Jr.	[Holding up the cracked ring.] This channeling ring was cracked. That's what caused the reaction to overload. [Angrily.] Now we're taking this whole thing apart tonight and checking everything! Nothing is too small. This has to be ready by tomorrow.
Bolin	 So how long as it been since you two have seen each other?
Toph	 Little while now. Couple of years. 
Lin	Try twenty.
Toph	Ah, time flies when you get to be my age. I'm surprised you came to save Su. I thought you guys didn't get along.
Lin	 Su and I finally worked out our old grievances.
Toph	 Good, glad we can put all that behind us.
Lin	" Right. ""We""."
Bolin	 Okay, there's the factory.
Bolin	 Whoa, that's one big ... thing.
Toph	 I think I know where they are. Feel that cavern a few stories down? It seems empty, but it's guarded by an awful lot of mech.
Lin	 Right. Why would you need soldiers guarding an empty cavern? They must have them in some kind of suspended prison, so they can't use their earthbending. 
Bolin	Someone's coming. Hide!
Kuvira	[Gazing up at the cannon.] I just wanted to check in to make sure everything was on track. It looks wonderful.
Kuvira	[Turns to Zhu Li.] You've been working on this the entire time, Zhu Li. What do you think the problem is?
Kuvira	But you're doing everything you can to fix those, correct?
Toph	She's lying. [Bolin lights up at this revelation.]
Kuvira	Tell the troops and the factory workers to attend tomorrow's demonstration. I want them all to witness this incredible new weapon in action.
Opal	 We should be thinking of a way to take out Kuvira while we have the chance.
Bolin	Or at least destroy the cannon. If she takes that to Republic City, it could obliterate everything.
Toph	I didn't come to fight with Kuvira or destroy a cannon. I'm here to save my family.  It will take everything we have just to get out alive. 
Bolin	 Hmm. Kuvira wants every single one of her people to see the weapon test tomorrow, so the factory will be mostly empty then. That's our best chance to sneak in and free Su without being spotted.
Opal	 Good thinking, Bolin.
Bolin	Thanks.  I kind of have a headache now.
Korra	 Excuse me, spirit? Can I talk to ...  and you're gone.  Just like all the other spirits.  They're abandoning the city.
Bolin	 So let me ask you about metalbending. Su tried to teach me, but I couldn't get the hang of it.
Toph	 I used to have an academy to train metalbending. Even blockheads like you can figure it out with the right instruction.
Lin	Yeah, you're a real sensitive instructor.
Bolin	I did learn how to lavabend.
Toph	 Really? It's a very rare ability.  Maybe you do have some talent.
Bolin	 I can't believe ... you think I'm talented?  That means so much to me coming from my hero.
Lin	Yeah, she's real encouraging.
Toph	Hey! I'm blind, not deaf.
Bolin	So here's something I've always been curious about: Who's Lin's dad?
Toph	He was a guy named Kanto. Nice man, but it didn't really work out between us.
Bolin	And ...  okay.
Toph	Lin, I can feel your enraged breathing from here. Just say what you have to say and let's get it over with.
Lin	 Just get it over with? Yeah, let's not linger on the fact that I grew up without a dad. No need to get all touchy-feely about it. Just one of those things, right?
Toph	Hey, I forgave you for all your garbage a long time ago and Su and I worked things out.  You're the only one who wants to hold on to this family drama nonsense  for the rest of your life. 
Lin	" Forgave me for what?!  And not knowing my dad is nonsense to you?  It was pretty important to me.  And until now, you would never even discuss it. You know, after Su and I patched things up, I thought, ""maybe I should try to reach out to mom.""  But now that we're together again, I remember why we stopped talking.  You make me furious  and you don't even know why. And when I tell you, you don't care.  Once we save Su, you and I are finished."
Toph	 If that's your decision and it makes you happy, then fine.
Opal	The test is about to start. They're going to blow up that empty town we flew over yesterday.  You're clear to go.
Lin	 Copy that.  We're clear to go.
Toph	 The guards are on the other side of that door.  We'll have to be quiet.
Lin	 Shoot me over to the cage  and I can swing them back on my cable.  Bolin, you'll have to catch them since mom won't be able to see them.  Ready?
Lin	We'll get you out one at a time. Come on.
Bolin	I got you!
Kuvira	Congratulations on all of your hard work.  This weapon is proof that the Earth Empire is the strongest nation in the world. And believe me, this is only the beginning!  Fire the weapon.
Kuvira	What's wrong?
Kuvira	And this could cause the entire weapon to fail?
Kuvira	[Turns to face Zhu Li.] What do you know about this?
Kuvira	[Metalbends the distributor pin from Zhu Li's pocket and lets it twirl in front of them.] You swore your loyalty to me and I gave you a chance at greatness. [Grabs the pin in anger.] This is how you repay me?!
Kuvira	[Seizes Zhu Li and throws her to Baatar Jr.] Chain her up in the target town. She can see how the weapon works [Cut to Opal's vantage point.] up close and personal.
Opal	 Oh, no.
Suyin	 Sweetie, it'll be fine. Lin won't drop you and Bolin will catch you.
Baatar	 No, no. Just go. Just leave me. I'll stay here. 
Lin	 Sorry, but I have to do this.
Kuvira	The prison. Get there now!
Kuvira	I didn't come all this way to stop now. Fire when ready. I want to see that town destroyed.
Bolin	 We got 'em. We're coming out.
Opal	Mom! Dad!  Thank you. 
Lin	 Let's move.
Opal	Kuvira caught Zhu Li and threw her in the town.
Bolin	What?  No, I have to go save her.
Lin	You can't go in there, kid. It's suicide. Kuvira's onto us.
Bolin	We've been through too much together. I can't leave her. Toph, you said Zhu Li was lying about fixing the cannon. She must have been trying to stop it.
Toph	For all you know, she could just have been covering her butt because she made a mistake.
Bolin	 No, Zhu Li doesn't make mistakes. You guys leave. If we make it out, we'll make it to the city somehow.
Opal	Bolin, no!  You guys get out of here. I have to go with Bolin. 
Suyin	 Could be our best chance to stop Kuvira.
Lin	 Maybe take out that weapon.
Wing	We can't let Opal be the coolest!
Toph	If you all want to get yourselves captured again or worse, that's your business. I'm through.
Suyin	 Watch out for Baatar Sr. and Huan. 
Baatar	So how have you been, mother?
Toph	I told you never to call me that. 
Korra	Spirits, this is the Avatar.  Please listen to me.  Since I opened the portals, spirits and humans have lived happily together in Republic City. It's all I could have hoped for. I know you felt the effects of Kuvira cutting down spirit vines. But now isn't the time for you to flee the city.  It's time for you to help me save it from Kuvira, who was perverting spirit power to use as a weapon against other humans. 
Korra	Spirits worked with Unalaq.
Korra	No, but as the Avatar, I'm hoping that you will come to my aid to save the new world we all share.
Korra	Wait! Please, listen. [The spirits continue to fade away.] If spirits and humans are gonna live together, we have to work with each other! [Sighs.]
Opal	Whoa.
Toph	 You give metalbenders a bad name!
Suyin	Thanks for coming to save us, Mom.
Lin	Yeah, thanks, Chief.  I'm sorry for what I said last night. I was just ... you know.
Toph	Look, I know I wasn't a great mother, but one way or another, I ended up with two great kids. Good enough to risk my bony old butt for, anyway. If you can just find some way not to hate me, maybe that's enough, at least for me.
Lin	Me too. 
Bolin	You know, I never had any family except for my brother  until a few years ago,  and reuniting with them made me realize how special it is.
Toph	Argh, enough!  Enjoy the ride back to the city  with the gum flapper here.
Opal	Aren't you coming back to Republic City with us, Grandma?
Toph	No, my fighting days are over. Don't tell Korra, but my back is killing me now. This is why you didn't see Katara messing with that civil war nonsense. At some point, you gotta leave it to the kids. 
Opal	[Playfully.] I think Bolin has worked his way out of the polar bear doghouse. [Kisses his cheek.]
Bolin	 Yes! 
