Tenzin	 His pupils pleaded with their master  to eat something, but he refused,  just like he had each day during summer.  Instead he meditated and got his nourishment from the universe. So when Tang Xu completed the ninety-seventh day of his historic fast on which island?
Otaku	 Oooh! Oooh!
Tenzin	Anyone besides Otaku, who already studied this in his acolyte training?
Otaku	Ooh, ooh, ooh!
Tenzin	And is answering every question.
Otaku	Ooh! Ooh! Ooh!  Whaletail Island.
Tenzin	That is correct. Again. Now, on day ninety-eight ... 
Bumi	 Greetings, air people. I come seeking boring stories to take back to the Spirit World.
Kai	That is incredible! When do we get to fly around on our own sky bison like that?
Tenzin	Only after many years of practice and intense training.  Besides, we don't have enough bison here for all of you.
Kai	What about those?  It's a whole herd of bisons. 
Tenzin	Actually, the plural of bison is bison.
Recruits	Whoa! Cool! Wow look at that!
Kai	Can we ride those?
Tenzin	No, that's a wild herd. It would take many years to tame them. Now, let's get back to our lessons.
Meelo	 Dad!  We brought you more airbenders!
Tenzin	Okay, everyone is dismissed. We'll pick this up ...  tomorrow.  How is everything in the city?
Pema	Well, we had a little scare but everything is okay. Zaheer infiltrated the air temple.
Tenzin	 What! Is everyone all right?
Kya	Everyone's fine. I fought with him, but he got away. And he stole some old necklace that had something to do with ... Guru ... Lak ... shmir.
Tenzin	Guru Laghima?
Kya	Right ... you know I can never keep all those gurus straight. There were like a million of them. Remember that long, boring story about that guy who never ate?
Tenzin	 Yes ... I remember.
Tenzin	[To Korra.] Are you all right? Where are you?
Korra	With Beifong's sister in Zaofu. We're totally safe, unless we get caught in another fight between Su and Lin.
Tenzin	Lin willingly took you to her sister?
Korra	Not exactly. We got a call about an airbender and it turned out to be Su's daughter Opal. She'll be headed your way soon.
Tenzin	 Really? That's wonderful!
Bolin	 She is wonderful, and pretty,  and so smart, and she smells like flowers ...  Sorry. Bolin, out. 
Korra	How's the training going?
Tenzin	Not so well, I'm afraid. No one seems to be interested in the hard work of becoming part of the Air Nation.
Korra	You need to give yourself a break. Let Jinora and the kids help you out, and what about Bumi? He was a naval commander, maybe he has some ideas about how you get people motivated.
Tenzin	 Bumi?! He's my worst student.
Korra	Yeah, but he loves to organize people. If you ask him for help, you can trick him into taking more responsibility by making him think the whole thing with his idea.
Tenzin	That actually sounds like a good plan. You're turning into a pretty wise Avatar after all.
Korra	Conflict resolution, that's what I do.
Kai	We should go down there. I want to fly one of those bisons.
Jinora	I don't know. We might get in trouble.
Kai	Come on? Let's have some fun. We'll be back before anyone realizes we're gone.
Jinora	 I guess it would be all right.
Kai	Look! Baby bisons.  How come they're on the ground?
Jinora	 Air bison calves can't fly after a week or two after they're born. So the entire herd will stay near the ground, near the valley. 
Kai	Let's go see the babies.
Jinora	Be careful. The mothers are very protective.
Kai	Aww, look how cute!
Jinora	Kai, get out of there!
Kai	Wow, you really saved me down there. You know, you're an incredible airbender.
Jinora	Well, I've been training for a long time.
Kai	Then, why don't you have tattoos like an airbending master?
Jinora	My dad says I'm not a master yet.
Kai	You can do everything your dad can.  Plus, you have all these spirit-y powers. If anyone's a master, you are.
Bumi	" And so, we bring the net down on  the head pirate, and he looks around real sad and says,  ""I knew I should have followed my dreams and become a dentist."""
Yung	 How come you grow up to be so cool, while Tenzin became  such a stick-in-the-mud?
Bumi	 Well, I guess cool is something you're born with.
Tenzin	 Bumi, can I talk to you? 
Bumi	Let me guess, you want to criticize me for something?
Tenzin	Actually, I need your help.
Bumi	 Oh yeah. With what?
Tenzin	I don't think I'm doing well with the new airbenders, and everyone knows you're a natural leader. 
Bumi	 True, I did win the Admiral Tung Natural Leadership Award, twice.
Tenzin	 What would you do if you were in charge? Help me be more like you.
Bumi	I'd love to.  You've got to use military discipline to whip these troops into shape. The only way to deal with new recruits is to  break them down so you can  build them back up. Rule with an iron fist.  Show them who the master is. 
Tenzin	Thanks for the insight.
Bumi	My pleasure.
Tenzin	 Dawn patrol! Everyone up!
Bumi	What are you doing? It's barely light out.
Tenzin	I'm taking your advice. I'm going to break you down and build you back up!  Now get moving recruit! 
Tenzin	Nothing like a ten-mile hike first thing in the morning.
Yung	 Don't these robes come in a warm bison fur version?
Tenzin	No! Of course not. 
Bumi	 If it weren't so cold, I'd go right back to sleep.
Tenzin	Then, this is the perfect time to learn meditation and proper breathing technique. Airbenders are able to warm themselves only with their breathing.  Everyone get into the lotus position. Ah, this is so much more refreshing than sleeping.
Bumi	 You know when I said that thing about an iron fist-
Tenzin	Hush! Meditation time. Focus.
Bumi	Can we go back to bed now?
Tenzin	Now that we're refreshed and loose from our hike and meditation, it's time for a balancing exercise.  The key is to maintain your heaven and earth connection.  Now you try.  Back up your posts! It's not hard if you concentrate.  Get back up!  What's the matter, you can't handle it, soldier? 
Jinora	Don't you think you're a little hard on them.
Tenzin	Don't worry, they can take it. You'll see.  Ignore the lemurs digging in your ears. Concentrate on your breathing and, you won't even know they're there!  When the head is shaved, an airbender is able to feel the wind around him. It is both humbling and freeing.
Kai	Hey, you want to go sneak away and check on the baby bisons?
Jinora	Shhh. You should be paying attention.
Tenzin	All right, who's next?
Yung	I'm not sure I want to shave my head.
Tenzin	That's fine, shaving your head is a personal choice.
Daw	 Wait, what?
Tenzin	Anyone else?  Fine! Then we can get to our next training exercise: obstacle course. 
Jinora	You're pushing too hard. Maybe we should give them a break.
Tenzin	Jinora, I have this under control
Tenzin	Concentrate! Remember, airbenders move like the wind.
Tenzin	Stay light on your feet, and you'll never feel the stinging rash cactus.
Tenzin	Everyone is waiting for you, Bumi. If you don't make it over the next thirty seconds, they'll all have to run through the course again!
Airbenders	You can do it, Bumi! Come on!
Tenzin	Get back up the wall, recruit! You're letting your fellow airbenders down.
Bumi	 I'm finished! I've never wanted to be an airbender and I'm too old to be back in boot camp.  Count me out!
Tenzin	 Fine, quit! We don't need your attitude in the new Air Nation.
Daw	Master Tenzin, when do we get to go home and visit our families?
Tenzin	Go home? You just got here.
Yung	Can I change out of my robe now? It's itchy.
Kai	This is just as bad as the Earth Queen's prison.
Tenzin	 I'm tired of all this complaining! Jinora, take over!
Jinora	Does this mean, I'm the master now?
Tenzin	Yes, just lead them through some basic exercises.
Jinora	Well, since I'm a master, when do you think I can get my tattoos?
Tenzin	What brought this on?
Jinora	I was just talking to Kai, and he was asking me, so-
Tenzin	"Kai!  What does he know about when you should get tattoos? The answer is ""no""! You're just a little girl."
Jinora	 I'm not a little girl anymore. I can airbend just as well as you. I know everything about our culture and history, and I have a stronger connection with the spirits that you ever will.  Lead your own class!
Tenzin	Ikki, Meelo, you're up. Just lead them through the Bagua circle.
Meelo	Look to your left! Look to your right! One of those people will not make it out of here alive.
Kai	Sorry what I've said got you into trouble with your dad.
Jinora	It's not your fault. He just can't believe that I'm growing up now and I don't need him telling me what to do like one of his recruits.
Kai	 I know something that'll cheer you up.
Jinora	Where did all the spirits go?
Kai	Where are the babies?
Ganbat	What are these kids doing in my camp?
Ganbat	They're the new airbenders. Must be living up in the temple. Hurry up and gather the rest of the gang and let's get out of here before someone comes looking for these kids. I'll take them to Ba Sing Se, with the rest of the fresh meat.
Tenzin	Tattoos. How could she think? Focus. Breathe. Bumi ruins everything. Inhale. Focus.
Pema	Taking a little break from teaching?
Tenzin	I've failed. Bumi quit, the rest of the airbenders want to go home. Can't they see that I'm trying to rebuild an entire culture?
Pema	You know, just because these people can airbend, it doesn't automatically make them Air Nomads.
Tenzin	Tell me about it.
Pema	I remembered when I moved down my parents' house to become an Air Acolyte. That first night I was so scared and lonely and the bed was so hard.
Tenzin	It's actually better for your back.  Sorry.
Pema	The point is: I really wanted to be there, but it still took time for me to adjust to feel like I was a part of it all. The people are probably feeling the same way. You have to be patient.
Tenzin	Now I know how Korra feels when I'm talking to her.  Thank you, Pema.
Tenzin	Bumi, I want to apologize for losing my patience.
Bumi	 I'm not talking to you. 
Tenzin	Hey! Get back here.  Where's Jinora?
Yung	I saw her fly off on her glider with her boyfriend.
Tenzin	 What?  Her boyfriend?  Kai!
Jinora	How can you steal these bisons? They're endangered.
Ganbat	Well, that's why they're worth so much. The Earth Queen and her fancy friends pay big money for bison steaks and other rare meats. I even heard she ate her dad's pet bear.
Jinora	You're disgusting. 
Kai	Hey, do that spirit beaming thing you did to find me. Go to the temple for help.
Jinora	I can't. I'm all cramped in here and I need quiet and time to focus. But, maybe I can send a message.  Spirits, I need your help.  Go find Bum-Ju, tell him we're in trouble.
Bumi	No, I don't think I should apologize. Tenzin just wants to boss everybody around. I'm too old for that.  Well, let's face it. I'm just not cut out to be an airbender!  Well, that's your opinion.  Wait, Jinora sent this spirit? Is she in trouble?
Bumi	Jinora's in trouble. We have to go get her.
Yung	How do you know?
Bumi	Bum-Ju's friend told me.
Otaku	You're able to communicate with the spirits?
Bumi	More or less, I get the gist. Let's go.
Daw	Shouldn't Master Tenzin be dealing with this? I don't want to get into trouble
Bumi	Master Tenzin isn't here. It's up to us. Ikki and Meelo, grab some bison. Airbenders, move out!
Bumi	Bison rustlers. They've got Kai and Jinora locked in crates. Looks like they're getting ready to leave, we'll have to move fast.
Daw	I don't know if I'm ready to get in a fight with some bison rustlers. I can tell without that telescope that they're mean-looking.
Bumi	 Listen, this is what we've been training for.
Daw	We haven't been training that long.
Bumi	That's not important now. Remembered how we persevered together on that obstacle course?
Otaku	You actually quit.
Bumi	 Well, I'm not quitting now. I know we've had a tough time, me more than anyone, but we're airbenders, and there aren't many of us so we've got to stick together. They've got two of our own in cages out there, and we're not leaving until we bring them home.
Meelo	Leave no airbender behind!
Kai	In. Down. And twist.
Jinora	Free the bison first.
Jinora	Kai!
Tenzin	What's going on down there?
Jinora	Kai! Help!
Tenzin	I'm coming Jinora.
Ganbat	What the ...
Ganbat	You got me. I give up.
Kai	 You think you can kidnap Jinora, and all these baby bisons?!
Tenzin	Kai, that's enough! An airbender never attacks a defenseless opponent.  But that was very good technique.
Bumi	Maybe you boys haven't heard, but there's some new airbenders on these parts. And you never mess with an airbender's bison.
Daw	 Without my shaved head, I'd never could have dodged that net. I really felt it coming at me. You guys should totally get shaved.
Tenzin	 I'm proud of you. Your connection with the spirits, natural leadership, you remind me of Dad.
Bumi	I'm sorry I've been causing you so much trouble. I guess I was just scared of not being able to measure up as an airbender. You know, even though I'm Aang's son, I never really felt that I was a part of the Air Nation before.
Tenzin	 You are now.
Kai	They're so friendly now.
Tenzin	The bison are the original airbenders. They recognize their own kind.
Jinora	 I'm sorry for running off.
Tenzin	I'm just lucky no one's hurt.
Jinora	I know.
Tenzin	But I also realized that perhaps I was too harsh on you.
Jinora	Does that mean I can get my airbender tattoos?
Tenzin	It's hard for me to believe that my little girl is grown up enough to have her tattoos. I'll promise I'll think about it. Fair enough?
Jinora	Yeah.
Kai	Jinora, look. They're flying!
Tenzin	 I guess everyone is growing up.
