Shiro Shinobi	 Korra has regained her memory. By connecting with the original Avatar, Korra learned that to stop Unalaq she must close the spirit portal before Harmonic Convergence, which is only weeks away! Meanwhile, Varrick has made Bolin into a mover star and saved Asami's company. Mako is the only one who suspects that Varrick is up to no good, but can he prove it?
Jinora	Gotcha!  Furry-Foot, come back.
Tenzin	 Jinora, there you are. Come on, everyone's waiting.  Were you playing with someone?
Jinora	Oh, just some ... imaginary friends.
Kya	 Stop telling lies.
Bumi	It's true. I once beat an earthbender in a rock-throwing contest! I have the trophy to prove it.
Tenzin	All right, who's ready for an exciting tour of the Eastern Air Temple? We've got a lot to see today, including ancient statues, ancient gardens,  and the meditation hall used by ancient airbenders.
Ikki	 Yay. Old things.
Tenzin	 Korra?
Jinora, Ikki and Meelo	 Korra! Yay, Korra! Korra's back! 
Pema	What are you doing here?
Ikki	 Oh, I've missed you!
Kya	And how did you know where to find us?
Korra	Tenzin's itinerary. We went over it like a hundred times before we left Republic City.
Tenzin	 See? This is why schedules are important.
Korra	It's so great to see you all again.
Tenzin	It's great to see you too, but why aren't you training at the South Pole?
Korra	 Wait, you don't know about the Civil War?
Tenzin	 What? No. We've been out of touch with the outside world since we started our vacation.
Bumi	Tenzin's idea. What happened?
Korra	So much. I-I don't know where to start.
Tenzin	Just tell us everything!
Korra	Everything?  Okay. I opened a spirit portal at the South Pole, but then Unalaq turned out to be a bad guy and wanted to take control of the South, so I sort of started a Civil War, but when I went to find some help, I was attacked by my cousins, and then by a giant dark spirit, and then I forgot who I was, and then I met the first Avatar, and then I realized I shouldn't have opened the portal in the first place, and now I need to close it again!
Tenzin	I knew this would happen.  So Avatar Wan imprisoned this dark spirit Vaatu in the Spirit World?
Korra	Yes, and now I think my uncle is trying to free him.
Tenzin	I knew Unalaq was hungry for power, but never realized how far he would go to get it.
Korra	This is all my fault.
Tenzin	No, don't blame yourself. This is Unalaq's doing. Now, we must focus on setting things right before he can do any more damage.
Korra	Thank you.
Tenzin	So, you need to close the Southern portal, but if Unalaq's army controls the South, how are we going to get to it?
Korra	I thought about that. My best chance to close the portal is from the inside.  I have to enter the Spirit World.
Tenzin	A journey to the Spirit World. All my years of spiritual training have prepared me for this moment.  I will help you. Today, we enter the Spirit World.
Desna	Father, what are we doing here?
Unalaq	You're here to straighten out the mess you caused when you failed to capture the Avatar.
Desna	I told you, it wasn't our fault.
Unalaq	You're right. It was my fault for trusting you. Harmonic Convergence is almost upon us. This is my opportunity to change the world.
Eska	We'll make it up to you, Father.
Unalaq	Good, because I'll need your help to open the northern portal.
Desna	 I thought only the Avatar could do it.
Unalaq	I believe there is another way.
Unalaq	This way.
Unalaq	There it is, the northern portal.
Director	Cut! Okay, that's lunch, everyone.
Bolin	Hello? Anyone? Nuktuk's still up here, all alone.  Asami! Hey, what are you doing here?
Asami	Varrick invited me to watch some of the filming.  Are you filming right now?
Bolin	Right now? Nope. We're uh ... we're at lunch.
Mako	 Asami, there you are. Is Bolin around?
Bolin	 Up here. 
Mako	Good. I've got something to tell you both.
Bolin	 Ahh! Ow, aww. Oh, I got to stop doing my own stunts.
Mako	I found out who's been stealing from Future Industries:  Varrick.
Bolin	What? No.
Asami	 He attacked his own ship?
Mako	Yes! It was a ploy. He wants Republic City to go to war, and he wants control of the businesses that stand to profit the most from it. He already had all the shipping. All he needed was Future Industries.
Asami	Varrick helped save Future Industries. He's my business partner now, not an evil mastermind.  Mako, you seemed stressed.
Mako	I am stressed!
Bolin	See, this is why I had to move out.
Asami	You guys aren't living together anymore?
Bolin	Nope. It was time for this eagle hawk to spread his wings and fly. 
Asami	 Sounds like you've had a pretty busy week.  Maybe you just need to relax.
Bolin	 Wait a minute. Are you two—  you're dating again? What?
Mako	Dating? No!
Asami	That's crazy!
Bolin	Korra just left a week ago!
Mako	 Guys, listen to me. Varrick is up to no good, and I have proof. The detonators he uses in his movers are exactly like the one I found at the cultural center attack.  And those explosions were exactly like the ones the captain reported when Asami's shipment was hijacked. Don't you see?
Asami	 Anyone could have gotten their hands on one of those detonators.
Bolin	Yeah. Let it go, Mako.  Let it go.
Mako	 Gah! No! I'm not going to let it go!
Bodyguard	 Varrick's been looking for you. 
Tenzin	 You're lucky. This temple is the most spiritual of all the air temples.  Why, this very garden is where my father met Guru Pathik.
Korra	Wow! Spirit World, here we come.
Korra	 Are you in the Spirit World?
Tenzin	 I would be if Meelo could ring his bell at the appropriate intervals.
Meelo	 Aww, did I do it wrong?
Tenzin	 Let's try something else. 
Korra	 I thought your bell ringing was just fine.
Meelo	Thanks! 
Tenzin	 Kya, this is too much smoke. You set it up wrong. This isn't going to work.
Kya	 I'm sorry. I did what you told me.
Tenzin	 Well, the moment's ruined. 
Korra	 We could have tried a little longer. 
Jinora	 Come back, Furry-Foot.
Kya	Hey, Jinora, what are you chasing?
Jinora	Nothing.
Tenzin	Focus, Korra. Focus.
Korra	I am focusing.
Tenzin	No talking. Feel the energy of the universe.
Korra	Okay, I feel it.
Tenzin	 Korra, really! I'm trying to concentrate here! I don't think this location is going to work either.
Korra	What's going on with you? First, you're blaming Meelo, then Kya, and now me.
Tenzin	Well, nothing is feeling right to me.
Korra	I don't want to rush your feelings, but we're kind of in a hurry. How did you first get into the Spirit World? Let's try that.
Tenzin	Well ... actually, I've never been into the Spirit World.
Korra	You've never been into the Spirit World?
Pema	But you used to spend days in the temple meditating.
Tenzin	Trying to get in. It never happened. It's my greatest shortcoming as an airbender, spiritual leader, and son of Aang.
Bumi	" Welcome to the ""I Disappoint Dad"" club."
Kya	If you've never been to the Spirit World, how were you planning to get Korra into it?
Tenzin	I've spent years studying the techniques and theories of ancient spiritual leaders. Now that the Avatar needs me, it must be my time.
Korra	Tenzin, Harmonic Convergence is almost here. If Vaatu escapes from the Spirit World—
Tenzin	You have to trust me. I can help you.
Kya	There might be another way. Jinora, is there something you want to tell Korra?
Tenzin	Jinora? She's too young and untrained to have any knowledge about spiritual matters.
Jinora	Actually, I think I do know where Korra needs to go to get into the Spirit World.
Tenzin	And how would you know that?
Jinora	My spirit friends showed me.  It's okay. You can show yourselves. 
Tenzin	How did you do that?
Pema	 Jinora.
Meelo	 Bunnies!
Jinora	Actually, they're dragonfly bunny spirits.
Kya	I knew it. Looks like she does know something about spiritual matters.
Ikki	So cute!
Meelo	Bunnies!
Ikki	Come back!
Tenzin	How long have you been able to do this?
Jinora	I don't know.  I guess I've always kind of had a connection with spirits. 
Bumi	 I think this one likes me.
Korra	Are they here to help? 
Jinora	I think they want you to go down there.
Tenzin	I don't know. The spiritual energy is historically strongest near the temple.
Korra	No offense, but I'm guessing the spirits have actually been to the Spirit World, so I'm gonna follow them.
Bumi	 If we need to go to the Tenzin World, we'll call you.
Eska	Father, haven't the spirits had ten thousand years to open this portal?
Desna	If they could not succeed, what makes you think we will?
Unalaq	By entering the Spirit World through the portal, we bring with us something the spirits never had: our bending.  Join me! Together, we can open this portal.
Eska	 Desna!
Unalaq	Leave him! Keep bending! 
Eska	 He needs a healer at once!
Unalaq	This is more important!
Eska	 I'm taking him back.
Varrick	I hear you've got some ideas. You wanna tell me about them?
Mako	Go ahead. Torture me all you want. I'm not gonna talk.
Varrick	Torture? The only thing I want to torture is this pesky foot fungus.  Ah! Eee! Ooh! The burning means it's working.  I heard you've been investigating the recent attacks on my ships, and I think you know that I know that you know, you know?
Mako	Know what?
Varrick	That the world is a dangerous place, and that's exactly why I want to offer you a job on my security force.
Mako	I have a job.
Varrick	We need you. Me, Asami, Bolin. We're all in the same team here. We want you to join us. You wouldn't want anything to happen to Asami, would you? I mean, I heard you and her were kind of, uh, an item again. Or what about your brother?
Mako	What are you saying?
Varrick	 I'm saying I want your help to protect them. Without you, who knows what could happen.
Mako	Thanks for your concern, but the answer is no.
Bumi	" Oh, you are just so cute. I'm going to name you Bum-Ju. It's short for ""Bumi Junior"".  Don't you think he looks like me?"
Tenzin	 The resemblance is uncanny.
Jinora	 I think Dad's mad at me.
Kya	 Your father's not mad. His pride's just a little bruised since he isn't able to see spirits like you.
Korra	You have a natural gift. That's pretty lucky.
Jinora	You're the lucky one. You actually got to meet the first Avatar. I know about a lot of Avatars, but I don't know anything about him. Is it even a him? Or is it her?
Korra	It's a him, Avatar Wan. He was amazing. I saw how he became the first Avatar by fusing with Raava, the Spirit of Light.
Jinora	The Avatar is part spirit? Of course! Just like the statue.
Kya	What statue?
Jinora	When we were at the Southern Air Temple, I was drawn to this old carving. I couldn't figure out what it was until now. It was the first Avatar.
Korra	When did this happen?
Jinora	It was on the solstice.
Korra	That's the day I opened the Southern portal.
Korra and Jinora	Whoa.
Bumi	 We're here!
Tenzin	Are you sure these spirits are leading us into the right place?
Bumi	Of course! I trust Bum-Ju with my life.
Korra	Look. There are carvings on them.
Tenzin	This is an ancient airbender meditation circle.
Jinora	There's a lot of spiritual energy in this place, but it feels really strange.
Tenzin	We'll have to perform a spiritual cleansing ceremony.
Bumi	What are you talking about?
Tenzin	Dad taught it to me. This site has been neglected for many years. A cleansing ceremony will help strengthen its connections to the Spirit World.
Bumi	 Good job, you cleansed the area of the only spirits that want to help us, and you scared away Bum-Ju.
Tenzin	It's working.
Bumi	Ah! Bats! Evil bats! 
Korra	Not bats. Dark spirits.
Tenzin	What are we supposed to do?
Kya	 Amazing.
Tenzin	Your spiritual training has come a long way.
Korra	Unalaq may be a horrible person, but his spirit powers are no joke.
Tenzin	 He taught you how to transform dark spirits. I can't even get you into the Spirit World.
Korra	Everything Unalaq taught me was to help himself. Everything you've done was meant to help me. I am so sorry for turning my back on you as my mentor. I need you now more than ever.
Tenzin	I won't let you down.
Tenzin	The ancient airbenders must have built this site. If we meditate here, we'll be able to enter the Spirit World.
Korra	Why don't you go first?
Tenzin	After all these years, my father's dreams for me will finally come true.
Asami	Hi. 
Mako	Did you come by to tell me how paranoid I am?
Asami	 No. I just wanted to come by to make sure you're okay. You seemed so agitated earlier.
Mako	I'm fine.
Asami	Maybe you need a night off. Why don't we go get some dinner?
Mako	No, thanks. I'm a little busy.
Asami	Too busy for Kwong's Cuisine?  Remember? We had our first date there.
Mako	Maybe I do need to get my mind off things. 
Lu	 Police!  Hey, Mako.  Hope we didn't interrupt you two lovebirds.
Mako	What's going on?
Lu	We busted some Triple Threats who said you hired them for a job. 
Mako	All right.  It's true. We were trying to figure out who stole Asami's stuff, so we hired them for a sting operation. I'm sorry for going behind your back. 
Lin	According to the Triple Threats, you did more than that. They said you helped them steal a warehouse full of Future Industries property.
Asami	 That's crazy! 
Mako	 You're gonna believe a bunch of criminals?
Lin	I have to follow up on a lead. 
Lu	 Well, looky what I found: cash ...  And these.
Lin	What are you doing with explosives, Mako?
Mako	I don't know where those came from.
Gang	 You're under arrest.
Mako	 None of that is mine.
Gang	 Yeah. Should've known you'd hook up with your old pals. Once a Triple Threat, always a Triple Threat.
Asami	This has to be a mistake.
Lu	Sorry to break the news to you, sweetie, but your boyfriend's just a crooked cop. That sting operation was just a way to lure you away from your warehouse.
Gang	 He was using you the whole time. 
Mako	That's not true, Asami. I would never do anything to hurt you.  It's Varrick. This is all Varrick. He set me up!
Gang	Yeah, it's Varrick's fault. Varrick.  Varrick.
Bumi	 You in the Spirit World yet?
Tenzin	No, I am not,  and stop bugging me. 
Kya	It's okay, Tenzin. Maybe you weren't meant to guide Korra into the Spirit World.
Tenzin	 No! Just give me some time.
Kya	 Stop being so stubborn. It's not your destiny. I think Jinora was meant to guide the Avatar.
Tenzin	 Jinora will not enter the Spirit World! She's not ready for the dangers of the other side, but I am. I've spent years training, studying, and mastering everything there is to know about the Spirit World.
Korra	Tenzin, we're running out of time.
Tenzin	If everyone could just be quiet and let me  focus. 
Jinora	Aunt Kya is right. I can guide Korra into the Spirit World. I'll be all right.
Tenzin	 Perhaps I will never have the connections with spirits like I always wanted ... like my father wanted me to have.
Jinora	 It's okay, Daddy.
Tenzin	I'm proud of you.  Go. Close the portal. We'll wait here and keep your bodies safe till you return.
Korra	 We'll be all right.
Korra	 The Spirit World.
Unalaq	The Avatar is dead, and we cannot open the Northern portal. I have failed you, Vaatu.
Vaatu	You have not failed me ... yet. The Avatar still lives.
Unalaq	How do you know?
Vaatu	Even though my connection to Raava was severed, I can still feel her presence.
Unalaq	I'll find her.
Vaatu	The Avatar will find you.  She has just entered the Spirit World.
