Mako	I can't believe it! The Upper Ring is in chaos!
Looter	 Don't try to stop us; we're taking back what's ours.
Bolin	Should we do something?
Mako	This isn't our battle.  We have to deliver Zaheer's message to Korra immediately.
Bolin	Right. Okay, find Korra, deliver message.  Yeah, this should be easy. We just got to get out of the city and get to the desert, then somehow find her in the vast expansive wasteland that goes on for thousands, and thousands, of miles.  This isn't gonna be easy.
Mako	 We need an airship.
Mako	Excuse me, may I have your attention please? I'm with the Republic City Police and I need to commandeer this airship to help the Avatar.
Bolin	Let me give it a shot.  Hey, the Queen's gold's on the third floor of the palace, second door on the right!  You just got to know how to talk to 'em, bro. 
Mako	What, they took everything. I mean, who rips out a transmission radio?
Bolin	Some folks just do not have respect for other people's property.  Now let's steal this airship!
Mako	You know how to fly this thing?
Bolin	Technically speaking, no. But, c'mon, how hard could it be?
Mako	Up! Up!
Bolin	I don't see any up button. I see levers and switches, oh, there it is. 
Mako	The whole city is falling to pieces.
Bolin	 Mako, our family's down there.
Mako	 Move over, we're getting them out.
Bolin	Oh, you think just because you dated Asami, you know how to fly this better than me?
Mako	Yeah.
Chow	Bolin? What are you doing here?
Bolin	I came to get you guys out. This whole block is about to go up in flames. Come on, Mako and I have an airship on the roof.
Tu	We can't. Grandma won't go.
Yin	This place is my whole world. I will not leave!  Oh, but I'm so glad my little Bolin has come back to visit. Sit down, would you like some tea?
Bolin	 Grandma, we don't have time for tea.
Chow	Mom, please!
Yin	 No! I can't abandon the place where I raised my family. It's my home.
Bolin	Grandma, there's one thing Mako and I've learned from all our years on the street. It doesn't matter where you go.  If you have your family with you, you'll always be at home.
Yin	 I'm not going.
Bolin	Fine!  You leave me no choice.  We're rolling out!
Yin	Wait.  Okay, let's go!
Tu	Thanks for getting us out of there. I mean, I probably could have handled it myself if you guys didn't show up, but, thanks.
Yin	 May she rest in peace.  This airship is nice. Is it our new home?
Mako	No, Grandma. I'm not sure where we're gonna take you, but right now, we need to find Korra.
Chow	Did something happen to the Avatar?
Mako	 I'm afraid so.  Her airship went down somewhere in the desert. She was coming from a military base near the Misty Palms Oasis and heading to Ba Sing Se. If we retrace her route back to the base, we should find the wreckage.
Tu	Guys, it's the wreckage!  I found it!  There!
Mako	That's a Ba Sing Se airship, all right. But where's the rest of it?
Bolin	I don't know. But there's some tracks.
Bolin	See, I told you. Landing is hard.
Bolin	Okay, guys. We think Korra found her way back here. [Pabu crawls onto his shoulder.] Now let's split off into teams and scour the town. Yes, we'll need your help too, Pabu, now just give me a second while I- wait, Pabu? Pabu! [Hugs his pet while laughing in joy.]
Yin	 Why is Bolin hugging that big rat?  Eww,  now he's kissing it!
Bolin	 I'm never gonna let you go again!
Tu	Guys, look out! Giant dog beast thingy!
Mako	Okay, all right, Naga. It's good to see you, too. Gah! Stop! You're licking my mouth. 
Bolin	 Asami! Korra!
Mako	You guys are okay!
Mako	 Sorry. I was just- It's so good to see you.
Korra	It's really good to see you, too.  Both of you.
Lin	Good. You guys aren't dead.
Mako	Don't get all mushy on me, Chief.  Tonraq. Sir. 
Bolin	 Oh my gosh, it's Lord Zuko! I can't believe it. 
Mako	Uhm,  forgive my brother. We're just really honored to meet you, Sir. 
Zuko	 It's a pleasure to meet you as well.
Yin	 You must be the Avatar.  Mako told me so much about you. You are even more beautiful than I imagined.
Mako	 Uh, actually, that's Asami. This is Avatar Korra. Korra, this is my grandma, Yin.
Yin	 You are very muscular for a woman.
Korra	Uhm, thanks. You too?
Yin	What lovely young women. Mako, why aren't you dating any nice girls like them? 
Asami	Uh, so what happened to you two? Where have you been?
Mako	We were captured by Zaheer and taken to Ba Sing Se. We were there when the Earth Queen was overthrown.
Korra	What? How did you escape?
Mako	Zaheer let us go.
Korra	What? Why would he do that?
Bolin	Because he wanted us to find you and deliver a message.
Mako	Zaheer is headed to the Northern Air Temple as we speak. He said he's gonna wipe out the new Air Nation and everyone in it. Unless you turn yourself over to him.
Korra	Zaheer's threatening innocent lives just to get to me.
Tonraq	He could be bluffing.
Mako	He's already taken out the Earth Queen. I don't think he bluffs.
Korra	We need to radio Tenzin and warn him that the Red Lotus is coming.
Mako	I agree. Unfortunately, we don't have a radio on the airship.
Tonraq	There's a portable radio on the jeep, but the signal will never make it to the Northern Air Temple.
Lin	We need to get to a place that has a strong radio transmitter. The Metal Clan will have one.
Korra	Let's go. We'll radio Su on the way. Hopefully she can get a hold of Tenzin at the air temple by the time we get to Zaofu.
Korra	Did you have any luck getting through to Tenzin?
Suyin	 No one's answering. What if Zaheer's already up there? I should never have let Opal go.
Lin	It's going to be okay, Su.
Suyin	I hope so.
Korra	[Getting impatient.] I can't just sit around here while a madman is on his way to the Northern Air Temple. We have to do something.
Suyin	I'll ready my airship. With a full force of the Metal Clan security backing us, we can take them. 
Mako	We'll never make it up there before Zaheer.
Korra	There might be another way to stop him. It's a long shot, but Zaheer is always meditating into the Spirit World. And I know exactly where he goes: Xai Bau's Grove. If I can find him there, maybe I could somehow trap him.
Lin	We can't protect you in there. I don't like it.
Korra	I'll be fine. I have to try.
Asami	I'll watch over her as she meditates.
Bolin	I guess, in the meantime, Mako and I will stay here and try to get through to the temple.
Tonraq	We'll help Su ready the airship.
Yin	I'm going to take a nap.
Korra	Zaheer! Come out! Face me! Leave the airbenders out of this!  There you are.
Iroh	Please don't hurt me, Korra. I'm just an old man.
Korra	Iroh? What are you doing here?
Iroh	I was just out searching for a new teapot to add to my collection. But instead, I found you.  In the Spirit World, you always seem to find something you don't know you were looking for.  You look troubled.
Korra	I am.
Iroh	Sit.  What is on your mind?
Korra	There's a maniac on the loose and he's threatening to destroy the new Air Nation. I don't know what to do.
Iroh	Just because you are the Avatar, doesn't mean you will have all the answers.
Korra	I know many Avatars have needed guidance. But I'm the only one since Avatar Wan that can't get help from my past lives. I wish I could talk to Aang.
Iroh	You know, Zuko and Aang were close friends.
Korra	Lord Zuko, of course.
Iroh	Yes, my nephew. Their relationship started off  a little rocky, but they grew to become lifelong friends. Best friends.
Korra	Thank you! Thank you so much. You're right about the Spirit World. I came here looking for someone else, but I'm glad I found you.
Asami	Did you find Zaheer?
Korra	No, he wasn't there. But there's someone I need to talk to.  You're leaving? Aren't you coming to the air temple with us?
Zuko	I'm sorry, but I can't. I'm going back to the Fire Nation. If it's true that the Red Lotus is targeting the nations' leaders, I need to protect my daughter.
Korra	I understand. You have to keep the Fire Lord safe. But before you leave, I was wondering if you could help me with something.
Zuko	I was often Aang's counsel and I'd love to be yours.
Korra	That just it. You knew Aang better than anyone. I was wondering if you knew what he might do if he were in my situation.
Zuko	Hmm. Rebuilding the Air Nation was Aang's biggest dream. He would be beside himself with joy with what you've done. And if he accomplished that goal, he might have sacrificed anything to protect it.
Korra	So he would give himself up to save the Air Nation?
Zuko	I don't know for sure. The airbenders might have been closest to Aang's heart, but, as the Avatar, he was concerned with people of all nations. No one knew better than Aang that in times of turmoil,  the world needs its Avatar the most.
Korra	Thanks. Your uncle was right. It was helpful talking to you.
Zuko	Wait, you spoke with my uncle?
Korra	Yes. In the Spirit World. A couple of times actually. 
Mako	Guys. We got through to the air temple.
Meelo	Who is this?
Bolin	 I told you, it's Bolin!
Meelo	 Bolin's not here right now. Can I take a message?
Bolin	No! I'm not looking for Bolin, I am Bolin! Gah, look, I need you to find your dad.
Meelo	He's outside with the bison. Did you know we found a whole herd full of baby bison?
Bolin	No, a whole herd? Really?
Korra	 Meelo, this is your commanding officer. Go get your dad, now!
Meelo	 Yes, sir!
Korra	Come on, come on!
Tenzin	Hello? This is Tenzin.
Korra	Tenzin! Listen to me carefully. Zaheer is on his way to the temple. He's coming for the airbenders. You have to get everyone out of there immediately. Drop everything. Leave! Now!
Tenzin	Oh no.
Korra	 What? What is it? Tenzin! Tenzin, what's happening?!
Tenzin	It's too late.  He's here.
Meelo	 What is it, Daddy?
Tenzin	 We need to get everyone out of here.  Stay close to me.
Bumi	 What's going on, Tenzin?
Tenzin	It's Zaheer.  Round everyone up! We need to get to the bison and evacuate immediately!
Kai	Guys, we got an emergency. We're evacuating the temple.  Come on.
Kai	Look out!
Bumi	 It's Zaheer! We have to leave.
Zaheer	Good. The entire family is here.
Zaheer	It's a pleasure to finally meet a true airbending master.
Tenzin	What is it you want from us?
Zaheer	Nothing at all. In fact, if everyone cooperates, you will all walk out of this situation unharmed.
Tenzin	Then what are you doing here?
Zaheer	I want Korra, and I'm tired of chasing her.
Tenzin	You're using us as leverage.
Zaheer	Yes.
Tenzin	 I will never let you get to Korra.
Zaheer	Unfortunately, you don't have a choice.
Tenzin	Yes, I do.
Tenzin	Jinora! Get everyone out of here. Bumi, Kya, help me hold them off!  And stay out of her line of sight! Go, go!
Pema	It's too dangerous. We'll never make it to the stables with her up there.
Kya	No.
Bumi	I see you're having as much fun as I am.
Kai	I can't wait any longer. 
Jinora	Wait, what are you doing?
Kai	Whatever I can.  Get to the bison! Get out of here!
Jinora	 Kai! No.
Bumi	I got you.
Kya	Bumi, let go!
Bumi	But we could die!
Kya	We're gonna die if we hang on!
Zaheer	Give up. It's over.
Tenzin	As long as I'm breathing, it's not over.
Kai	Woah!  Thanks, buddy. Yip, yip! 
