Elderly woman	 Hey, come back here. 
Bolin	 Don't worry, I'll catch him. 
Bolin	 Give it back, you dirty thief.
Mako	 Hey, I stole that fair and square.
Mako	 Ow, stop it.  Ooof. Okay, you win.
Bolin	 Your purse, ma'am.
Elderly woman	 Aren't you a little hero. Here,  let me give you a reward.
Bolin	 Two yuans?! Seriously?! I risked my life for you,  as far as you know. 
Elderly woman	 Why, you little hooligan!
Mako	Nice grab, little brother.
Bolin	 Thanks.  Bread tastes so much better than what we ate yesterday.
Mako	We didn't eat yesterday.
Bolin	 So much better.
Bolin	 Mako! Do you know who that is? It's Toza, legendary earthbending captain of the Boar-q-pines. He's my hero. What do you think he's doing here?
Mako	If you'd stop talking, we could hear.
Shady Shin	 Here's your 10,000 yuans.  Not bad, considering all you have to do is lose your match tonight.  Hey, you're welcome!
Shady Shin	 Can you believe that ingrate mook?
Bolin	Wow. I mean, I hate to see Toza lose, even if he needs to.
Mako	Why? He got paid. You didn't see any pro-benders crying for us when mom and dad died, and we got dumped on the street. Life is hard. You either hustle or get hustled.
Shady Shin	And speaking of hustling, you two need to hit the bricks and collect enough bets to make this little investment pay off. 'Cause if you don't, you're gonna be right back in the dumpster where I found ya.
Mako	 Don't worry, bro. We'll do fine. 
Shady Shin	Seeing those young crooks really gives me hope for the future. 
Bolin	 Mr. Feeeeng! Hey, you wanna bet on the fight tonight?
Mr. Feng	 Come back here, you little rat weasel!
Mr. Feng	Oh, thanks for grabbing him, Bolin.  He's been trying to escape ever since he figured out I'm going to feed him to the new pythonaconda I just got in.
Bolin	What? You're going to turn him into a snake snack?  Wait, I'll buy him. How much?
Mr. Feng	Five yuans.
Mako	No, the last thing we need is one more mouth to feed.
Bolin	 But it's such a tiny mouth!  Pleeeaase? We can't just leave him for snake food! 
Mako	 Bolin! You have to toughen up!  Big animals eat the little animals, that's just how it goes.  How much do you want to put on the match tonight, Mr. Feng?
Bolin	Hey! Toza! 
Toza	 Oh.  You're the kid who works with the Triple Threats.  What, does Shady Shin want me to belly-flop into the pool so I'm extra humiliated tonight?
Bolin	I just wanted to say, you don't have to throw the fight. I mean ... you're the best!
Toza	 I was the best. But now my body and my bank account are exactly the same: broke.  I made my decision! Leave me alone!
Mako	What are you doing? Are you trying to get us in trouble with Shady Shin?
Bolin	No! I just ... Maybe I'm not as mean as you! Maybe I just can't turn my back on people when they're down!
Bolin	 Little fire ferret.  Helloo?  I got you buddy. Huh, looks like that snake wasn't hungry after all.  I wonder where he i—
Mako	You really have a knack for getting into stupid situations, you know that?
Bolin	 Yeah, thanks Mako.
Mako	C'mon, we should get out of here.
Bolin	No, not without him. 
Mako	All right. But his food comes out of your half.
Bolin	Hooray! You're with us now, Pabu!
Bolin	I named him Pabu.
Mako	How did you come up with that?
Bolin	I don't know. It just kind of came to me while the snake was strangling me. Oxygen deprivation gives you some good ideas.
Shiro Shinobi	 It looks like Toza has overstayed his welcome in the ring folks.  He's single-handedly costing his team the match.
Shady Shin	 All those bets you boys collected for the Boar-q-pines are about to wind up  in our pockets.
Shady Shin	 Go down, you bum.
Shiro Shinobi	Wait a second folks.  Toza looks like he's suddenly waking up from a bad dream.  He's blasting away  just like the championship season 10 years ago.  The legend's still got it.  Knockout!
Bolin	 Yes. He listened to me, Mako. I told him not to throw the fight  and he listened.
Shady Shin	You what?!
Bolin	Oh, well, you know, I'm sure there are other factors.
Lightning Bolt Zolt	 All right, enough, enough.  You look ridiculous, fighting with kids. It's not dignified.  And you; what gives? You cost me a lot of money just now. I thought you were an honorable man.
Toza	I am an honorable man. I just needed someone  to remind me.  Here's your money back. Now get out of my gym.
Shady Shin	 Lets go, boys. We're gonna talk about this when we get back to the hideout.
Toza	 Wait. You guys have got some real bending skills. With a little training, I think you could go pro. I could teach you everything I know.
Shady Shin	 Sorry bum, but at least one of these kids is too smart to end up like you, right Mako? 
Toza	 I could find you a place to stay right here in the arena. Who knows, you could be champs. At least it's a chance at an honest living.
Bolin	 Can we, Mako? Mako, can we please?
Shady Shin	Don't go soft on me, Mako. Remember, it's up to you to take care of your little brother. Use your head, make the smart play.
Mako	 Sorry Shady, but you're right. I do have to take care of my brother, and I think this is what's best for him.
Shady Shin	 Suit yourself. But who knows, maybe we can fix a fight together, some time.
Bolin	I'm so glad we're not criminals anymore. Lets celebrate over dinner.
Mako	Err, I think we better save our money.
Bolin	Oh, I have lots of money coming. I bet everything we had on the Boar-q-pines.
Mako	What?! But you knew the fight was fixed.
Bolin	What can I say?  I had a good feeling.
