Unalaq	You're early.
Korra	What can I say? I'm pumped up to learn that Unalaq spirit fighting.
Unalaq	 I'm not here to teach you to fight spirits, I'm here to help you begin your spiritual training. We're going to one of the most remote places in the world, the long neglected spiritual center of your tribe, the South Pole.
Korra	You're going to train me at the South Pole?
Unalaq	We will do more than just train. By neglecting the spirits, the people of the South have brought darkness upon themselves, and now it threatens to destroy our tribe. We must set things right. The Southern Water Tribe depends on you.
Korra	 A dangerous trip to the South Pole? Count me in!
Tenzin	There it is, the Southern Air Temple. Isn't it magnificent?
Shung	Master Tenzin, welcome!
Tenzin	Good to see you again, Abbot Shung. 
Shung	Is there anything you need? Water? Dandelion greens? Ahh, perhaps you'd like to recenter yourself by meditating in the gardens?
Tenzin	No thank you, I'm fine.
Shung	And you must be the honorable Pema! Please, accept these gifts.  This is an ancient airbender head shaver we've refurbished just for you.
Tenzin	Oh.  Okay?
Shung	And Pema!  These flowers once filled the mountainside! Now, they can brighten up your room.
Pema	 That's ... sweet? Y-you didn't have to.
Shung	Nonsense! Whatever you need is yours. Anything for the mother of the next generation of airbenders.
Ikki	 No!  That gift is mine!
Jinora	You don't even like to read!
Ikki	 Eeeh!
Pema	 Yep, those are the world's next generation of  airbenders.
Meelo	 Mommy, Daddy, look! I finally got a lemur! I'm gonna name him ... Poki!
Meelo	Poki! Come back!
Bumi	 S'cuse me, a little help here?
Acolyte	 Sorry, I thought you were the servants. 
Bumi	 We're Tenzin's brother and sister!
Acolyte	 Avatar Aang had other children?  The world is filled with more airbenders?
Kya	 We're not airbenders.
Acolyte	Oh ...  I'm so sorry.
Korra	I thought you said Bolin was coming?
Mako	He said he'd be here, but I can't worry about it. I have to make sure you have everything you need for a safe trip.
Korra	 Thanks, Captain Expedition, but I'll be fine.
Unalaq	Tonraq, what do you want?
Tonraq	I heard you're taking Korra to the South Pole.  I'm coming.
Unalaq	 Absolutely not. You're a distraction to Korra and a hindrance to what needs to be done.
Tonraq	My daughter is not going without me! She needs someone to watch after her.
Korra	 Dad, why do you always think you know what's best for me?
Unalaq	Because he's misguided. The sad truth is, it's men like your father who have put the Spirit World out of balance. He's ignored my warnings in the past and hasn't learned since.
Korra	What happened in the past?
Tonraq	It doesn't matter. What matters is the Everstorm.
Mako	The Everstorm?
Tonraq	It's a massive blizzard that's battered the South Pole for decades.  I'm coming, unless you think you can stop me.
Bolin	 Guys! Hey, wait for me!
Bolin	Check it out,  I'm traveling in style!  Okay, uh, sorry, still getting used to that throttle.
Mako	Uh, where'd you get the ride?
Bolin	Varrick; he's awesome! He also gave me this fancy snowsuit! It's inflatable, with an internal heater, emergency beacon, and food ration pouches! I mean, if I get lost, I can survive in this thing for like, like a month!  Who wants some freeze dried cucumberquats.  Nobody? ... Did I interrupt a conversation? 
Korra	 No, the conversation is over.  Dad, come if you want, just don't interfere with my training. .
Eska	Does this sidecar have the capacity for two passengers?
Bolin	 Sure does. But, uh ... who's gonna drive?
Mako	 Well, what do you know? Looks like--
Bolin	 Go away, Mako.
Korra	 So once we get to the South Pole, then what happens?
Unalaq	You will open an ancient spirit portal.
Korra	I'm sorry, what now?
Unalaq	At the South Pole, there is a portal that connects our world to the Spirit World, but it has long been closed.
Korra	And that's why the evil spirits are attacking?
Unalaq	There are no evil spirits, there is light and dark in them all. But when they're unbalanced, the darkness takes over.  If you can open the portal in time, balance will be restored.
Korra	What do you mean ... in time?
Unalaq	There's a reason the Glacier Spirits Festival ends on the winter solstice. That's when the Spirit World and the physical world are close together. Only then can the Avatar open the portal.
Korra	The winter solstice is tomorrow.
Unalaq	Exactly, and we can't afford to wait another year.
Korra	Easy, Naga.
Bolin	 What are those?
Korra	Dark spirits.
Tonraq	Let's keep moving. We have to find a safe place to set up camp.
Korra	Uncle, why do you think the dark spirits are following us?
Bolin	Can we not talk about dark spirits, please? 
Mako	My brother doesn't like ghost stories.
Eska	 Don't worry. I will protect you, my feeble turtle duck.
Bolin	Thank you.
Unalaq	Sadly, this isn't a ghost story. This is real.  The spirits are angry because he's here.  Haven't you ever wondered how your father ended up in the South Pole? Why he's never taken you to visit his homeland in the North?
Tonraq	Unalaq, this is not the time.
Unalaq	You're right. You should have told her a long time ago.
Korra	Told me what!?
Tonraq	 I left the North Pole because ... I was banished.
Korra	You were banished from the North? Why?
Tonraq	Because I almost destroyed the entire tribe.  Twenty years ago, I was a general in the Northern Water Tribe, sworn to protect my people.
Tonraq	[Voice-over.] I drove them out of the city and deep into the frozen tundra.
Tonraq	 We tracked them deep into an ancient forest. Many believed this forest was the home to spirits, and the barbarians retreated there because they thought we wouldn't attack them on such hallow grounds. They thought wrong.
Tonraq	 We captured the barbarians, but in the process, we destroyed the forest.  I didn't realize the consequences of what I had done.  By destroying the forest, I unknowingly let loose angry spirits.
Tonraq	 They threatened to destroy everything, the entire city.
Tonraq	 Unalaq was able to guide the spirits back to the forest. But by then, the damage had been done.  For being the cause of so much devastation, my father banished me from the Northern Water Tribe in shame.
Tonraq	 That's when I came to the South and started a new life.
Bolin	Whoa, so you  were supposed to be chief, then he  became chief. No wonder you guys don't like each other.  Ow! What? Isn't that what happened?
Korra	 I can't believe you kept this from me.
Tonraq	I was protecting you from the shame I brought on the family.
Korra	Why did you keep hiding things from me and then telling me it's for my own protection? I'm tired of you protecting me! 
Tonraq	Korra!
Jinora	Wow, the statue room.
Tenzin	That's right, Jinora, the most sacred place in the entire Southern Air Temple.  Here, you will find statues of every Avatar who ever lived.  Where are your brother and sister?
Meelo	You can't catch me! I've the greatest air scooter-er of all time! 
Tenzin	 Meelo!
Tonraq	Korra, you have every right to be mad at me. But I don't want you to make the same mistake I made. I should never have gone into that forest, and we shouldn't be going to the South Pole now. Spirits and the physical world should remain separate.
Korra	 Dad, it's my job to be the bridge between the spirits and the physical world, and I finally have a chance to live up to my potential.
Tonraq	 You don't even know if what Unalaq says is true.
Unalaq	 You want proof? Look to the sky. Where I'm from, the spirits are at peace and they light up the dark.
Korra	The Northern Lights.
Unalaq	Yes. There used to be lights at the South as well, but during the Hundred Year War, the South was thrown out of balance and the lights disappeared. When the War ended, the North helped to rebuild you physically, as a nation, but we have not rebuilt you spiritually. Now the spirits no longer dance in your skies. Instead, they rampage in the Everstorm.
Mako	 I think we're here.
Bolin	 Is that what I think it is?
Unalaq	We must keep moving. 
Bolin	 Oh man, I really don't like this.
Mako	Bolin, just stay calm, there's no reason to-  panic!
Tonraq	Korra, look out!
Bolin	 Oh, it's in the engine!  Aaaahhhhh!
Mako	Is everyone okay?
Bolin	Aaaahhhhh!
Bolin	I can't stop it! 
Eska	I'll save you.
Bolin	I'm a raft!
Bolin	Uhhh, can someone please deflate me?  Thank you.
Mako	 Oh, great. There goes our equipment. Now what are we supposed to do?
Tonraq	There's only one thing to do. We have to turn back.
Unalaq	No! The solstice is tonight. And we're so close.
Tonraq	This mission is too dangerous. We're leaving.
Korra	 No, Dad, you're leaving.
Mako	Don't worry sir, I'll keep an eye on Korra for you.
Tonraq	Thank you, Mako. 
Unalaq	 Let's open this portal and lead your father and the entire Southern Water Tribe in the right direction. We don't have much time.
Korra	Then what are we waiting for?
Korra	 So, what exactly were you and my dad talking about?
Mako	Nothing, he was just worried about you, that's all.
Korra	 Y'know, sometimes I wonder whose side you're on.
Mako	There aren't any sides. We all just want to help however we can. You have to trust that we're here for you.
Unalaq	We've arrived.
Korra	Trees frozen in the ice.
Unalaq	 It's just like the sacred forest Tonraq destroyed in the North.
Korra	So, what do I do?
Unalaq	You must find your way to the heart of the forest where the dormant spirit portal lies. From here, you're on your own.
Mako	Wait a second, there's no way she's going alone.
Bolin	Yeah! If she goes,  we go, too!
Unalaq	The Avatar must go alone.
Korra	But I don't have any connection with the spirits. In fact, it seems like they hate me.
Unalaq	You have to believe in yourself, like I believe in you.  What is it?
Korra	I guess I'm just so used to people telling me how to do things that I forgot what it was like to have someone trust in me. 
Unalaq	Korra, all the past Avatars live on inside of you. Let them guide you. Let them help you find the light in the dark. 
Korra	 Wait here, I'll be okay.
Mako	Good luck. 
Korra	 The spirit portal. Amazing.
Jinora	Whoa. What Avatar is this?
Korra	The light in the dark.
Korra	Why isn't it opening?
Korra	 Come on portal, open!
Korra	The spirits, dancing in the sky.
Mako	I can't believe it.
Bolin	It's beautiful. 
Tonraq	 She did it.
Bolin	 Hey, Korra, you're back.  Hey, Korra's back! 
Eska	Why are you initiating physical contact with another woman?
Korra	 Everything you said was true.
Unalaq	Avatar Korra, you have taken the first step in bringing balance back to the South, and soon the whole world.
Mako	 You never cease to amaze me.
Korra	Thanks. By the way, I'm really sorry for being a total pain. Things were really stressful and pretty confusing. It's hard being the Avatar.
Mako	 It's harder being the Avatar's boyfriend. 
Korra	 What are all your Northern troops doing here?
Unalaq	Opening the spirit portal was only the first step in getting the Southern Water Tribe back on its righteous path. There's more difficult work to be done before our two tribes are truly united.
