Shiro Shinobi	 Someone has attacked the Southern Water Tribe Cultural Center. All the evidence points to Northern sympathizers, but Mako suspects there's more to this case. Meanwhile, Varrick has cast Bolin as the hero of his newest mover. Asami has also ventured into business with Varrick, and a shipment of her mecha tanks is on its way to help the South in its war against Unalaq.
Captain	We're under attack!
Captain	Varrick is not gonna be happy about this.
Eska	Where is he?
Desna	Father said he would meet us at this location. He'll be here.  Were you just in the Spirit World?
Unalaq	Never mind that. Where is the Avatar?
Eska	She was within our grasp until a dark spirit attacked her.
Desna	They're out of control.
Unalaq	 You didn't get her?
Eska	The Avatar is dead.
Nuktuk	We finally made it. Now, we must stop the evil Unalaq! 
Evil Unalaq	The Southern Water Tribe is mine. Next, I will conquer the world with my waterbending doomsday device!
Nuktuk	Don't worry, Juji and Roh-Tan, I will end the evil Unalaq's reign of terror. For I am Nuktuk, hero of the South! 
Juji	Nuktuk, you're not just the hero of the South, you're our best friend.
Roh-Tan	Nuktuk-ity!
Nuktuk	 You two are the best snow raccoon and arctic panda a guy could ask for.
Crowd	Aww!
Voice narrator	 Who's gonna fight for friends and freedom? Nuktuk.  He's the biggest, baddest, bendingest man I know.  Who protects the icy tundra? Nuktuk.  Battling Northies out there in the snow.  When Unalaq starts trouble, he'll punch him in the mouth.  He's Nuktuk, the hero of the South. 
Varrick	 Bolin, look up there. What do you see?
Bolin	 I- is this a trick question?
Varrick	I'll tell you what I see: a star being born. You're a star. People love stars. Stars tell them what to think and how to act. Bolin, have you ever tried to force a monkey marmot to ride a bicycle?
Bolin	Uh ... not that I can recall.
Varrick	Of course you haven't. You can't force monkey marmots to do anything. They've got to want to do it themselves!
Bolin	Right ...
Varrick	With these movers, we'll have the support of the people, and before long, they'll persuade the President to lend his troops to the war effort.
Evil Unalaq	 My evil plan is working. I've captured Nuktuk's beautiful girlfriend.
Nuktuk	 Not so fast, Evil Unalaq! Oh, I will save my true love and the South!  And now, your time is up.
Evil Unalaq	It's no use fighting, Nuktuk. My anti-energy net makes bending impossible. 
Nuktuk	 No! Please. Power ... weakening.
Ron-Tah	Nuk-terrible.
Voice narrator	Will this be the end of Nuktuk? Can he escape from Unalaq's trap and save the beautiful Ginger? Find out next week on The Adventures of Nuktuk: Hero of the South.
Bolin	 Wow. We got some major chemistry on-screen. Am I right?
Ginger	Yeah. On-screen. 
Bolin	What's wrong? Are you mad because I left you in the clutches of the evil Unalaq? I'm gonna save you in the next episode.  Ginger, let's work through this.
Zhu Li	Varrick, another one of your ships has been captured.
Varrick	 Darn it, Zhu Li, haven't I told you I hate getting bad news without first getting good news?
Zhu Li	 Oh, well, the good news is it looks like your first mover has gotten a great reception.
Varrick	That's old news! Let's go. 
Asami	Is it true?
Mako	 I'm so sorry. Your entire shipment was stolen.
Asami	 Without that sale, I don't know how much longer I can keep my company going. What am I gonna do?
Mako	Don't worry. I'm gonna find whoever's responsible. Chief Beifong is about to question the captain of the ship. 
Lin	I know it's been a long day, but walk me through what happened.
Captain	We were ambushed about thirty klicks outside the harbor. We never heard them coming.
Lin	This is the third attack this week at about the same location.
Lu	Yep, and smack-dab in Republic City's jurisdiction, which means another problem for us.  All this stress is gonna turn old black beauty gray.
Gang	It's gotta be Northern Water Tribe. They're trying to stop supply lines to the South.
Lin	I agree. Is there anything else about the attack you remember? Anything unusual?
Captain	There is one thing. The bombs exploded in a way I've never seen before. They didn't have fuses.  It was like they were being detonated remotely.
Mako	Like the bombs at the cultural center. 
Asami	Wait, where are you going?
Mako	I gotta grab some evidence. 
Varrick	Asami, I heard the news. I can't believe they took my fifth favorite ship in the Varrick Industries fleet! Named her after my mom. Rest in piece, Rocky Bottom.
Asami	Without the money from that shipment, Future Industries is almost broke.
Mako	Chief, I think there's a link between this attack and the attack at the cultural center.
Lin	 What do you think you're doing?
Mako	Solving this case. Did any of the people who attacked you have one of these in their hand? I think it's a remote detonator.
Captain	It was too dark to see anything.
Lin	 Mako!
Mako	Chief, I don't think the people who attacked were Northern Water Tribe.
Gang	Of course they were Northern Water Tribe. They were waterbending.
Mako	Was this one of the guys who attacked?
Captain	No, I don't recognize him.
Gang	Oh, that's embarrassing.
Lu	 Nice try, Rookie.
Lin	Mako, leave.  Now.
Varrick	 Great work, everybody. Another open and shut case for the dynamic mustachioed duo!
Asami	Wait, I think Mako might be onto something.
Mako	Chief, I know it's a long shot, but I have an idea how we can catch these guys.
Lu	 Yeah, let's all listen to the rookie.
Asami	He's doing a better job than you!
Varrick	Whooooo's hungry?
Lin	 Enough! I don't want to hear your lame-brained rookie ideas. You're a beat cop, not a detective. Now hit the street and do your job! 
Mako	Lu and Gang are idiots. I hate them and their stupid mustaches.
Asami	Forget them. What's this idea of yours?
Mako	A sting operation. I was thinking we'd set up a bait ship, take it out into the open ocean, and capture whoever attacks it.
Asami	Let's do it.
Mako	It's not that easy. For the plan to work, we need the police, and Beifong already said no.
Asami	We can make it work, just the two of us.
Mako	I don't know. I don't want to go behind Beifong's back. If she finds out, I could get kicked off the force.
Asami	Mako, I need your help. My Mom is gone. My Dad is in jail. Future Industries is all I have left of my family.
Mako	I want to help you, but this is more than a two-person job. First of all, we'd need a ship.
Varrick	You need a ship? I got a ship. I want in on whatever you're talking about. I love being in on plans.
Asami	The less you know, the better.
Varrick	Perfect! I love not knowing things.
Mako	All right, I'm in. Let's get these guys.
Asami	The ship's all loaded with the dummy crates. Let's get this sting operation going.
Mako	Not yet. We need some extra manpower.
Asami	What about Korra?  No better muscle than the Avatar.
Mako	 Right, uh ... Korra. Yeah, actually, she's um ... she's out of town right now.
Asami	Everything okay with you two?
Mako	Yeah, yeah. Forget about Korra. I'll go talk to Bolin. 
Bolin	 Hey, Mako, what do you think? I did a little redecorating. It turns out that one of the perks of being a star, you get lots of cash.
Mako	 Is this a marble statue of you?
Bolin	It's also  a hat rack.
Mako	 We don't even have hats.
Bolin	That's because we never had a hat rack. And now we do. Mako, you seem stressed. I think you need to take a little dipity dip. 
Mako	I don't have time to take a dipity dip, okay? I'm trying to catch whoever's been attacking the shipments, and I need your help.
Bolin	You need my help?  I don't know. I'm kinda busy.
Mako	You're sitting in a hot tub.
Bolin	I'm maintaining my instrument. As an actor, my body is my instrument.
Mako	 Are you gonna help or not?
Bolin	You know, I recall a time when I needed your help, and you basically told me to get a life.
Mako	So that's a no. What am I supposed to do now?
Bolin	 I don't know, Mako.  Figure it out. Remember? That's what you said to me. Hurts, doesn't it?  Ow! My instrument!
Asami	Are you sure this is a good idea?
Mako	No, but it's our last resort. 
Triple Threat doorman	 Hey, Mako. Whatever you think we did, we didn't do it.
Mako	I'm not here on police business. I'm running an off-the-books operation, and I thought the Triple Threats might want a piece of the action.
Triple Threat doorman	How big a piece?
Viper	So Mr. Law and Order needs our help, huh? What's in it for the Triple Threats?
Mako	I am personal friends with that Avatar. I might be able to convince her to give Shady Shin his bending back.
Shady Shin	Sounds good to me, boss. 
Viper	What about the rest of us?
Asami	I've got vehicles, all brand-new and top of the line. They can be yours if you help.
Viper	 I think we got ourselves a deal.
Mako	This is right around the area where the attacks happened. So keep your eyes peeled, and stay quiet.
Two Toed Ping	I agree. Keep quiet. Mouth zipped, don't say a word. That's the best thing to do when you're trying to ambush somebody, which is what we're doing here, and it's basically what I'm always doing. I mean, I am a gangster, after all, and -
Mako	Two Toed Ping, please.
Two Toed Ping	Oh, right. So, what's it like dating the Avatar.  Come on, Mako, I gotta know.
Mako	Ping, stay focused!
Two Toed Ping	What? What are you so weird about it? If I was dating the Avatar, I'd tell you all about it.
Mako	 There's nothing to know.  I broke up with her.
Asami	 You broke up? When? Why didn't you tell me?
Mako	I don't know.
Two Toed Ping	 Yeah, right. You broke up with the Avatar. Like that happened. Hey, Shady Shin, Viper. Mako says he broke up with the Avatar.
Shady Shin	Sure he did.
Viper	Yeah, I did too. 
Mako	All right, would you guys knock it off and do your job?
Assistant director	And action!
Ginger	 Forget about me. You must capture the evil Unalaq before he gets away.
Nuktuk	No! I'll never leave you.
Varrick	Cut!  There's no kiss in the script.
Bolin	 Sorry, I just kinda lost myself in the moment.  It just felts so right.
Ginger	 Urch.
Varrick	It did, huh? Your girlfriend's about to die, and instead of untying her, you kiss her. Wait a minute! Maybe that will work. Yes! It's genius! Everybody take five. Except for you, Zhu Li. Grab the tweezers. I've got some neck-hair issues to resolve.
Bolin	So ... that kiss. I liked it. And it seemed like you liked it too.
Ginger	Uch. You're confusing Ginger the actress with Ginger the character.
Bolin	Okay, okay, I'm sorry. I'm totally getting, like, a weird vibe from you right now. It's like, a minute ago, when we were shooting, you were into me, but now you're not.
Ginger	That's because Ginger loves Nuktuk, not Bolin. 
Bolin	But Nuktuk is Bolin. I'm a hero. 
Two Toed Ping	 And that's why they call me  Two Toed Ping.
Asami	Because you have two extra toes.
Two Toed Ping	That's right. And there was already a Twelve Toed Ping on the south side.
Mako	Wait, guys. Do you hear that?
Asami	I didn't hear anything.
Two Toed Ping	No.
Mako	 Ah! What's taking so long?
Two Toed Ping	You just gotta relax, like me. Maybe try taking your shoes off.
Mako	I'm gonna check it out.
Shady Shin	 So how long do we have to stay out here?
Viper	 I told you, it's gonna be a few hours. What, do you have a hot date?
Shady Shin	Actually, I do. And I wanna look my best. I gotta shower and shave. I have a whole routine, okay?
Viper	Well, your date's gonna have to wait.
Shady Shin	She's not gonna be happy about that.
Viper	Too bad. We were paid to keep Mako and that dame  distracted for a few hours, so that's what we're gonna do. 
Shady Shin	 See? This is why I never get dates.
Mako	I just overheard Shady Shin and Viper. We've been double-crossed. We have to get off this ship.
Viper	Where do you think you're going?
Viper	Get'm!
Mako	They're getting closer.
Asami	Not for long. 
Mako	Watch out! We're not gonna make it.  One down, one to go.
Asami	We're stalled.
Asami	Mako, hang onto something.  What was that all about?
Mako	Someone paid the Triple Threats to keep us distracted.
Asami	Distracted? From what? Oh no.
Mako	Whoever paid the Triple Threats stole everything.
Asami	 I'm ruined. My company ... it's over.
Mako	We should check out your other warehouses. Maybe they didn't have time to hit them all.
Asami	You don't understand. Everything I had was in here.
Mako	We have to search the place for evidence. If we can find a lead ...
Asami	Mako ... it doesn't matter anymore.
Mako	I can figure this out.
Asami	 Just stop. It's over. I give up.
Mako	Well, I'm not giving up on you.
Asami	 Sorry, I-
Mako	Uh ... It's-it's okay. Um ... Anyway ... I gotta run. I'm gonna find out who did this. And I know just who to ask.
Two Toed Ping	Hey, Mako. Uh, you're not mad about last night, are you?
Mako	 Who hired you to double-cross us?
Two Toed Ping	I don't know.
Mako	"I think you do know.  And you're gonna tell me, or we're gonna have to change your name to ""No Toed Ping""."
Two Toed Ping	Really, I don't know. You have to believe me. We never met the guy who hired us.
Mako	 You expect me to believe that?
Two Toed Ping	 After you left the hideout, some mook showed up and said his boss would pay us to keep you distracted. We'd never seen him before, and we ain't seen him since. Come on, Mako, you know how these deals work. Please, I would never lie to you with my lucky toes on the line.
Mako	 Get out of here.
Mako	Bolin, have you seen Varrick around? Bolin!  Nuktuk.
Bolin	Yes? Oh, hello, Mako. Didn't notice you there.
Mako	Where's Varrick? I need to ask him something.
Bolin	"Hmm. Can't say that I've seen him. But I've been kinda busy, you know, rehearsing for my big scene. There's gonna be some crazy  ""pyrotechnics"". That's mover speak for explosions."
Assistant director	We need Nuktuk on set. Running explosion scene.
Bolin	Or sometimes we just call them explosions. Anyway, wish I could stand around here and chitchat, but you know, I gotta go shoot my big scene.
Assistant director	Okay, the set is clear. Camera's rolling. And ... action!
Nuktuk	Ginger, stay down! I'm coming for you.
Mako	How did you rig those explosions to go off like that?
Pyrotechnics technician	Neat, huh? It's a Varrick Industries exclusive. Here, check it out.  The explosions use a remote detonator.
Mako	Varrick.
Mako	 Asami, I think I know who set us up.
Varrick	 Hello, Mako.
Mako	What are you doing here?
Asami	 He just saved my company.  Varrick bought a controlling interest in Future Industries. Isn't that great?
Varrick	Yep, I like to think I'm always there to stand up for the little guy. Especially if that little guy can help this guy become a bigger guy.
Asami	 So what were you saying, Mako? You think you know who hired the Triple Threats?
Mako	Yeah, and I'm real close to proving it.  I'll fill you in later. 
Korra	 Get away from me!
Karu	It's okay, we're here to help you, Avatar Korra.
Korra	" Who's-who's ""Avatar Korra""?"
Karu	What happened to you? How did you end up on our island?
Korra	I ... don't know. I can't remember anything.
