Shiro Shinobi	 Bolin, Opal, and Lin rescued the Beifongs and Zhu Li from Kuvira. Now they are racing to Republic City to alert everyone about the Earth Empire's imminent attack. Meanwhile, Korra and Team Avatar have been preparing for just such an event. Prince Wu is leading an evacuation effort, while Asami and Varrick are creating flying mecha suits. But with Kuvira planning to strike in only two weeks, will they be ready in time?
Kuvira	Today, we stand on the precipice of history. For the past three years,  we've fought side by side to unite the Earth Empire and we've proven that no one can stand in our way,  not even the Avatar. But our mission is not yet complete.
Kuvira	 There is a grave injustice that must be corrected. As you all know, after the Hundred Year War, Avatar Aang,  along with Fire Lord Zuko, stole Earth Empire land and formed the United Republic.  This land belongs to the people of the Earth Empire and it's time to take it back! Republic City will be ours!
Soldiers	All hail the Great Uniter!
Kuvira	Are you ready to show the world what a true superpower looks like?
Baatar Jr.	 Yes. I'm honored to march into the city by your side.  I love you, Kuvira.
Kuvira	I never could have done this without your help. After we claim victory, we can finally get married  and rule our empire together.
Korra	How's the evacuation coming?
Wu	Could be better.  At this point we've evacuated almost ...  eighteen families.
Korra	 Only eighteen? There are millions of people in this city!
Wu	I said it could be better.
Mako	The problem is, it's a voluntary evacuation and there aren't very many volunteers. They just don't feel like they're in any immediate danger.
Bolin	Guys! Good, you're all here!
Raiko	 What's with you interrupting my important meetings all the time?
Korra	 Su ... what are you ... you're okay!  I'm so sorry about Zaofu. How did you escape?
Bolin	Opal, Beifong, and I rescued everyone. But we had a run in with Kuvira. We saw her super spirit weapon up close. Like, really close. Way too close.
Tenzin	Is she going to use it against Republic City?
Zhu Li	Yes. I found out she's going to attack in two weeks.
Bolin	Ooh! And Zhu Li's on our side now. Actually, she never really switched sides and I'm just gonna let her explain the whole thing. Zhu Li?
Zhu Li	 I pretended to be loyal to Kuvira so I could sabotage her weapon. It didn't work, but I did overhear her plans to attack.
Raiko	 I knew she wouldn't stop at Zaofu.
Lin	My guess is, she's coming by rail. It's the only way she can transport that weapon.
Korra	Then we'll cut the rail lines.
Raiko	I agree. But let's get as many citizens evacuated before we do.  Put out the announcement. The evacuation is now mandatory.
Mako	 We're on it.
Korra	Don't worry Mr. President. I won't let Kuvira take our city.
Varrick	Weld hotter! Tighten tighter!  The president said we only have two weeks to get these hummingbirds humming!
Bolin	Varrick! Good, you're here.  Can I talk to you for a minute?
Varrick	 What is it? I'm busy inspiring my workers.
Bolin	Well, I went to Zaofu and saved Su and her family ... and guess who else we found?  Ha!
Varrick	Zhu Li.
Bolin	 Now, isn't there something you wanted to say to her? Hmm?
Zhu Li	 Please, let me go first. I know I said a lot of terrible things about you in front of Kuvira. But I need you to know ...  I didn't mean one word. When you were being taken away, I thought my only chance to save you was to join her.  But every day, I hoped for the chance to see you again and tell you the truth.  Varrick, you mean the world to me and I'm sorry if I hurt you in any way.
Varrick	 Don't be so hard on yourself.  Apology accepted! Now be a good assistant and  man the assembly line!
Zhu Li	 No! I am not your assistant anymore.  If you want me around, you need to start treating me like an equal!
Radio operator	 We're patched into the emergency broadcast line.  You're going out to every radio in the city.
Mako	 Attention citizens of Republic City. This is not a test.  An attack on our city is imminent. President Raiko has ordered a mandatory evacuation for all citizens. Please find  your evacuation handbooks and turn to  subsection one-dash-two-six.  There you will find initial instructions for your area. For example, if you live in northwest vector one, report to your primary meeting location,  which would be at the eastern entrance of the Southern Water Tribe library.  There, you would choose a leader as specified in section one-dash-two-eight. 
Radio operator	 Uh, Chief,  we're getting confused calls from all over the city. I think Mako's starting a panic.
Mako	What's confusing?  I'm giving very specific instructions.
Lin	 Great, this is just what we need.
Wu	I got this.  Hello, everyone, this is Prince Wu. Now, I know you're all a little scared. Believe me, I know what it's like to be afraid. I used to not be able to go to the bathroom by myself. But if we let that fear control us  none of us will ever be able to go to the bathroom and then we all lose.  But the people of Republic City aren't losers, we're winners.  Winners that are going to  get out of this city in a calm and orderly fashion.  So I want you to grab your family, grab your neighbor  grab that guy down the street you don't know very well and head to the nearest bus,  train or ferry station.  We're going to get you out of here, safe and sound.
Lin	 Good job, kid.  You might not make such a bad king after all.
Tenzin	Rohan's with the Acolytes. They have the boat ready to leave.  Why aren't you all packed yet?
Pema	 The kids and I have been talking and we decided we want to stay. This is our city and it's going to need all the help it can get.
Meelo	 Yeah! Only a coward flees his fate.
Tenzin	 Thank you.  I'm sure Prince Wu could use your help with the evacuation.  And you three can help the other airbenders keep an eye on the Earth Empire troops from above.
Meelo	 Kuvira's gonna rue the day she messed with  Meelo.
Raiko	 I still don't like having to abandon my office in the city.
Lin	Air Temple Island is the ideal location for your base of operations and you'll be safe here.
Korra	 There's something we need to discuss with you.
Tenzin	What is it?
Korra	 The four of us have been talking and ... we wanna take out Kuvira's spirit weapon before it gets too close to the city.
Tenzin	 That sounds like a risk we don't need to take. The evacuation is on schedule and General Iroh is getting his army in place.
Korra	 I know Iroh can go toe-to-toe with Kuvira's army, but that weapon ...
Bolin	It's too powerful! It can destroy the city.
Mako	We can't let it get to our doorstep.
Korra	We'll sneak behind enemy lines and disable the weapon.
Asami	If it works, it'll even the playing field.
Tenzin	But if you get caught ...
Korra	It's worth the risk.
Raiko	 I agree, and it might be our only shot at preventing an all-out war.  Good luck.
Korra	 We'll head out tonight.
Sentry	There's something out there!
Sentry	 It's Kuvira's army!  They're a week early! Get the commander immediately and radio Republic City!
Bolin	Guys! I see something.  Down there! 
Asami	Is that – ?
Korra	Kuvira.  She's already crossed into United Republic territory. She's a week early.
Mako	This doesn't make sense.  There aren't any train tracks this way. How are they transporting that super weapon of theirs? 
Asami	Apparently on a giant mecha suit!
Mako	 Did you know Kuvira was building that thing?
Bolin	 Oh, did I forget to mention it? No, of course I didn't know!
Mecha operator	There's a flying bison up ahead.
Kuvira	The Avatar. 
Bolin	 I know what happens next! We gotta get out of here, now! Now! 
Baatar Jr.	Should we go after them? They're going to warn Republic City.
Kuvira	 Let them. No one can stop us.
Tenzin	Korra? Are you all right? Why are you back so soon?
Korra	It's Kuvira. Our intel was wrong. She must have known Zhu Li had the information.
Raiko	What are you trying to say?
Korra	Kuvira's army is only a few hours away.
Tenzin	No, they can't be! We're not ready.
Korra	And that spirit weapon of hers is attached to a giant mecha suit. It's over twenty-five stories tall!
Raiko	 Get General Iroh on the line and tell him that the attack is happening today. We need to lock down the city. 
Tenzin	Pema! Find Wu and get the remaining citizens to safety, immediately.  We can't have innocent lives in jeopardy.
Bolin	What should we do?
Asami	Let's go to my factory. Maybe we can get a few of those hummingbird suits up and running.
Suyin	We're coming with you. 
Korra	I'll head to the front lines and help General Iroh.
Raiko	Kuvira, this is President Raiko. I order you to stand down. Turn your army around and leave.
Kuvira	 You're in no position to give orders.
Raiko	 Stand down, or we will attack!
Kuvira	I don't think you understand the power I possess.  Let me make it clear.
Varrick	 This is exactly why I didn't wanna build that weapon!
Iroh	 Mister President, do I have your order to engage?
Kuvira	 You have three seconds before I wipe out your army.
Raiko	I have no choice.
Kuvira	 Time's up!
Raiko	Stop! We surrender. Republic City is yours.
Kuvira	Good. Turn your army and the Avatar over to me, and give Baatar your location.  He'll present you with our terms.
Korra	 I'm not surrendering!
Iroh	Get back to the city before she sees you. And Korra --  --find a way to beat that thing.
Korra	 I will.
Baatar Jr.	We've done it, Kuvira.  And I just got word that President Raiko is on Air Temple Island. I'm heading there now.
Korra	Raiko surrendered.  It's down to us now.
Bolin	 How are we supposed to fight an entire army, a mecha giant, and that crazy weapon?
Asami	We can't fight it, but maybe we can cripple it.  Zhu Li, when you were spying on Kuvira, did you learn anything about that metal monster?
Zhu Li	I had no idea they were even building it.
Varrick	Guess Baatar Jr. is a better inventor than I thought.  Don't tell him I said that.
Korra	 That's it! Baatar Jr. built it, he'll know how to take it down! I say we capture him, and get him to talk.
Tenzin	Hmm ...
Korra	 I know it's a long shot, but it's the only chance we have, and if we don't ...
Tenzin	 Korra, I'm in.
Korra	We'll need a stealth team of airbenders to get in and out of Baatar's airship unnoticed. Tenzin, Bumi, Jinora, Kai, let's get moving.
Meelo	 What about me?
Korra	 Sorry, buddy. This mission counts on everyone being as silent as possible -  - and your farts are just too much of a wild card.
Meelo	 I can be quiet!  Okay, point taken.
Korra	Is everyone ready?
Baatar Jr.	You've made a terrible mistake.  Once Kuvira finds out I'm missing, you're all done for.
Korra	That's why, before she finds out, you're going to tell us how to stop that mecha giant, or else.
Baatar Jr.	Or else what?
Baatar Jr.	 You won't hurt me. I know an empty threat when I see one.
Baatar Jr.	Was this your best idea?  You've lost, only you haven't accepted it yet.
Suyin	Let me talk to him.
Soldier #1	Are you sure?
Soldier #2	Check the engine room.
Raiko	 What's going on? Is everything all right?
Soldier #3	 Just a minute, sir.  I'm telling you, I looked everywhere.
Lin	 All right, enough whispering!
Raiko	I'm ready to discuss the terms of the surrender with Baatar Jr. Where is he?
Soldier #3	Uh ... I'm not really sure.
Suyin	Baatar --
Baatar Jr.	If you think I'm going to spill all my secrets to you, Mother, you're sadly mistaken.
Suyin	Why are you doing this? I know you set out to help better the world, but this is madness!
Baatar Jr.	It's madness to let others take what's yours and accept it blindly! The United Republic belongs to us, and we're taking it back.
Suyin	But at what cost? How many people have to lose their lives before Kuvira is satisfied?
Baatar Jr.	 It doesn't have to cost any lives if you would all just surrender! All that Kuvira and I want is a united Earth Empire!
Suyin	 I don't know what I did to hurt you, but whatever it was, I'm sorry. When you left Zaofu, it broke my heart --  -- and our family has never been the same since. Please, Baatar -- stop all this and come home.  We want you back with us.
Baatar Jr.	 Kuvira is my family now.
Korra	We've been going about his all wrong.  You're right. I'm not gonna physically hurt you if you don't talk. But there is something I could do that will be even more painful.  I will take away the one thing you care for the most ... Kuvira.
Baatar Jr.	What do you mean?
Korra	Kuvira might win. She might chase us out of the city. But you won't be around to enjoy the victory. Because wherever I run, I'll take you. I am going to make it my life's mission to never let you see the one you love again.  Is taking the city worth losing Kuvira forever?
Baatar Jr.	 No! You can't!
Korra	I will ... unless you convince Kuvira to back off. You two will still have the Earth Empire. Just leave the United Republic alone.
Soldier #4	It's Kuvira. She wants to talk to Baatar. What should I tell her?
Raiko	For goodness' sake, give me that radio! Let me talk to her.
Raiko	Kuvira, this is Raiko. What kind of game are you playing? You told me you would send Baatar over with your terms, and then he doesn't show.
Kuvira	" What do you mean, ""he didn't show""?"
Raiko	According to your people, he's not on the airship.
Kuvira	 If he's not on the airship, then where is he?
Baatar Jr.	 Kuvira? It's Baatar.  I've been captured. My airship was ambushed and I was taken by force. Korra refuses to release me unless we back down and leave the city.
Kuvira	 Are you injured?
Baatar Jr.	 I'm fine.
Kuvira	Is the Avatar there with you now?
Baatar Jr.	Yes, everyone is here.
Kuvira	Find out where that signal's coming from.
Baatar Jr.	Listen to me.  If you try to take Republic City, the Avatar will never let me see you again ... and I refuse to live that way.  Forget the United Republic; we have our empire! We have each other!  Let's go back home and get married. The only thing that matters is that we're together for the rest of our lives.
Mecha operator	We've identified their position.
Kuvira	You're right. This city isn't worth sacrificing our life together.  I love you, Baatar.
Korra	As soon as we work out terms with Kuvira, we'll let you out of here.
Mako	 Guys! She must have our location! She's pointing that weapon right at us!
Baatar Jr.	 No! She wouldn't!
Korra	Everyone out! Now! Now!
Raiko	 No!
Lin	 Keep the president safe! I'm going to check for survivors.
