Shiro Shinobi	 Tensions between the Northern and Southern Water Tribes have reached a breaking point. After Chief Unalaq's troops took over the South, Varrick incited an uprising. But Korra stopped the rebels from abducting her uncle. Enraged by the insurrection, Unalaq arrested the rebels and Korra's parents, accusing them of conspiring to assassinate him. Will Korra be able to save her parents and prevent civil war?
Korra	 You're making a mistake. 
Unalaq	I wish it hadn't come to this. But your parents held meeting with the rebels, right here in their home.
Korra	 I can't believe you're doing this to your own family.
Unalaq	Rest assured, I've appointed Judge Hotah to oversee the trial. He is the most fair and honorable man I know.
Korra	Uncle, my parents had nothing to do with the men who attacked you.
Unalaq	I'm sure you're right. So we should have nothing to worry about.
Korra	 I hope so.
Asami	Where's Varrick? We should've closed our deal an hour ago.
Bolin	 Would you relax? This place is great.  And the best part about it,  Eska doesn't know I'm here. 
Bolin	 Ee-yah.  I wasn't hiding. Hey, hey-hey, hey.
Eska	I'm not on the hunt for you.  Currently.
Desna	We search for Varrick. Our father wishes him to stand trial.
Asami	What did he do?
Eska	He is a traitor to the Water Tribe, along with our aunt and uncle.
Asami	What?
Mako	Korra's parents were arrested?
Desna	Yes. Your powers of deduction are impressive.
Bolin	 Yeah, he's a cop.
Northern guardsman	 Varrick's not here.
Eska	Very well. Desna, let us continue our search elsewhere.  Boyfriend! Bow to me when I exit.
Bolin	 Yes, yes, my sweet koala otter.
Eska	You are so cute when you grovel.
Asami	 Don't let her treat you that way. Stand up for yourself.
Bolin	I tried to break up with her, but Mako gave me terrible advice. Thank you, Mako. 
Mako	Wait, how are your girl problems my fault?
Asami	Bolin, you need to be honest with her. Tell her how you really feel.
Varrick	 Honesty is for fools, kid. 
Bolin	Varrick?
Varrick	 If you want to ditch this girl, then make yourself scarce. Disappear, like I did.
Asami	 Where are you?
Varrick	 Somewhere Unalaq will never find me.  Inside Ping-Ping! How we doin'?
Mako	The coast is clear. You can come out.
Varrick	No way, mister. Not until I know it's absolutely 157% safe.  Ah! Thank you, Zhu Li.
Asami	Your assistant's in there too?
Varrick	 Zhu Li never leaves my side.  Yuck! Pyugh! Pyuck! You forgot the honey! 
Zhu Li	 Sorry, sir. There isn't any in here. 
Varrick	No honey? We're in a bear for crying out loud!
Mako	 I'm gonna go see how Korra's doing. 
Varrick	Bolin, I got a little something for you 'round back. 
Bolin	 Wow!
Varrick	Now listen up. Unalaq's rigged this trial, no doubt about it. So I need you to make sure my trusty rebels stay out of prison.
Bolin	 What's the money for?
Varrick	 Bribery, of course! There's always someone willing to look the other way for a few yuans.
Bolin	I think I catch your drift, Varrick-bear.
Tenzin	Ikki! Ikki, where are you? Shoo!  Go bother someone else. You two are worse than Kya and Bumi.
Ikki	Okay, everybody here?
Tenzin	Ikki! Oh, thank goodness.
Ikki	 Juniper Lightning bug, paws off the table!  This is going to be a civilized breakfast. Daddy always says a blessing before we eat, so ...  be quiet and listen up!  We are thankful for this super yummy food and for being the best-est new friends in the world.  But we are most thankful because Meelo and Jinora aren't here,  because they stink.  Oh! Hi, Daddy. I guess you found me. Do I have to go now?
Tenzin	Actually, is there room for one more?
Ikki	Uh, sure. You can sit next to Blueberry Spicehead.
Tenzin	 Nice to meet you, Blueberry Spicehead.
Ikki	And that's Princess Rainbow, and that's Twinkle Starchild, and that's Juniper Lightning Bug. They're my new brothers and sisters.
Tenzin	New ones, huh? Can they be my new brothers and sisters too?
Ikki	Maybe, but only if they say it's okay.  Uh-huh, uh-huh. No, no, he's nice. They say it's okay.
Bolin	"We're good to go. I gave all the money to some guys over there. I told them to ""take care of it"", and then I winked.  Pretty sure they got the message."
Law clerk	This trial will now come to order! Judge Hotah presiding. 
Bolin	 Man! I should have paid him!
Asami	 Yeah, you think? 
Unalaq	I was asleep in my chambers when the rebels attacked. They overpowered me, and the next thing I remember was waking up in the snow after Avatar Korra had saved me.
Hotah	According to Unalaq's testimony, you attended a meeting where Varrick tried to incite a civil war. Is that true?
Korra	Yes.
Hotah	And where these men present at that meeting?
Korra	Well, yes, but -
Hotah	And where exactly did this meeting take place?
Bolin	Objection!
Hotah	Quiet down out there! I'll ask you one more time. Where did the meeting happen?
Korra	My parents' house.
Hotah	And who led this meeting?
Bolin	Your honor, if I may?
Hotah	May what?
Bolin	May I ... declare a mistrial?
Hotah	 Sit down!  Varrick and your father led the meeting, didn't they?
Korra	 My parents are innocent!
Hotah	I've heard all I need to. I'll return shortly with my decision.
Bolin	Hey there, Eska, I was wondering if we could talk.
Eska	I grant you permission to speak freely.
Bolin	 Oh, good, because I just need to be honest with you. You know, when we first met, there was this crazy spark. But I'm starting to feel like that spark is fading.
Eska	I agree. It is as if a great chasm has formed between us and nothing can bridge it.
Bolin	 Oh! Oh, yes! I'm so glad you understand!
Eska	Nothing, that is, except marriage.  We will wed at sunset. You may express your joy through tears.
Bolin	 Oh, no, I can't -  This is really tight.
Hotah	Senna, please step forward.  I have found you ... innocent. You are free to go.
Senna	 Korra!
Hotah	On the charge of treason, you are all found ... guilty. The punishment for this crime ... is death.
Korra	You can't do this!  You take their lives, and I'll take yours! 
Unalaq	Korra, calm down. I'll talk to him.  I know I promised to respect whatever decision you made, but I must ask you to reconsider. Show these men and my brother mercy.
Hotah	Very well. I'll change their punishment. Your lives will be spared, but you will live them out in prison. 
Korra	Thank you, Uncle.
Tenzin	You like that, don't you, Blueberry Spicehead?  Yes, you do.  You know, I could get used to it here. No one's yelling at me or telling me I'm delusional.
Ikki	We should have Uncle Bumi and Aunt Kya come visit. I bet they'd like it too.
Tenzin	Let's not. They'll only spoil our good mood.
Ikki	What do you mean? Aunt Kya is super nice and pretty and always asks me how I'm feeling, and Uncle Bumi is, like, the funniest person in the world.
Tenzin	But what about Meelo? He's hilarious too, you never know what's going to come out of his mouth. And Jinora can be so sweet and gentle.
Ikki	 And mean. And bossy.  Being part of a family is hard, huh, Daddy?
Tenzin	I couldn't agree with you more.
Ikki	But, I guess the nice part about a family is they'll always be there for you. Even though  Twinkle Starchild and Princess Rainbow fight, they still love each other.
Tenzin	That's very wise of you, Ikki.
Ikki	We should probably head back, huh?
Tenzin	I suppose. We can't hide in this cave forever. 
Ikki	Don't worry, Daddy. We'll come back and visit Blueberry Spicehead. I know you really bonded with her.
Tenzin	Yes, I'd like that.
Senna	Honey, are you all right?
Tonraq	I'm fine.
Korra	 Good, let's bust you out of here right now.
Tonraq	Korra, no. Saving me would start a war. If fighting were to break out, the North would crush the South. I'll be all right. Just promise me you won't do anything rash.
Korra	Fine. I promise.
Korra	 It's okay, Mom.
Senna	I-I hate feeling so helpless. 
Korra	 I know. 
Hotah	 What do you want?
Korra	 It's not about what I want. It's about what Naga wants.  And she'd like you to let my father out of prison.
Hotah	I-I'm sorry, but there is nothing I can do. I was just following Unalaq's orders.
Korra	 What are you talking about?
Hotah	I-I've said too much.
Korra	 Unless you wanna be Naga's afternoon snack, you'd better keep talking.
Hotah	I-I've worked for your uncle for years! He said he needed everyone to think the trial was fair.
Korra	So Unalaq told you what to say?
Hotah	Yes! Every word.
Korra	Then why did he have you free my mother and change your sentence?
Hotah	He's trying to keep you on his side. But he also wants your father out of the way. Just like when he got your father banished.
Korra	" What do you mean, ""he got my father banished""?"
Hotah	Nothing!
Korra	 Keep talking.
Bumi	Uh ... Hey there, Dad. You're looking well.  Look, uh, I'm sorry I didn't turn out to be an airbender like you hoped. But I've tried my best to keep the world safe. Hope I made you proud.
Kya	 Of course he'd be proud of you, Bumi.
Bumi	Kya! I-I was just,  uh ... cleaning off Dad's statue.  It's so dusty in here.
Kya	Come here. 
Bumi	 Thanks, Kya. You always know when I need a hug.
Korra	Unalaq's a liar and a traitor!
Varrick	I've been trying to tell you that from the get-go.
Mako	What happened?
Korra	I found out the truth about my dad's banishment. Unalaq hired the barbarians to attack their tribe. Then he told them to hide in the spirit forest, knowing my dad would go after them.
Mako	Unalaq wanted your dad out of the way so he could become chief. It was a setup.
Korra	Just like the whole trial. I can't believe I trusted him. I'm busting my father and the rebels out of jail. I need your help.
Mako	If you do this, there's no going back.
Korra	I know. Will you help me or not?
Mako	Of course, I'll help.
Asami	Me too.
Varrick	 Count me in!
Mako	I don't even want to know.
Asami	So I'm guessing the breakup with Eska didn't go well?
Bolin	 No, no, the honesty thing worked out great. So great she decided we should  get married!
Asami	Sorry.
Korra	 I'm pretty sure the guy is supposed to give the girl the betrothal necklace.
Bolin	I guess Eska didn't get the memo.
Varrick	Look, the only way to deal with crazy women is to lie big and leave fast. Lucky for you, Varrick's got your back. Now, gather 'round Ping-Ping. Let's talk plan.
Korra	My dad's in there.  Where is he?
Unalaq	I'm sorry, Korra. You'll never see your father again.
Korra	Where's my father?
Unalaq	On a ship headed to the Northern Tribe. He'll serve out his sentence there.
Korra	Bring him back. Or I'm taking you out and the rest of your army.
Unalaq	Remember who you are. As the Avatar, you cannot threaten war. You must remain neutral, or our tribes will never find unity.
Korra	You don't want unity. You want power. You've always been jealous of my father, haven't you? You got him banished so you could become chief, and I bet it just killed you to learn he was the Avatar's father. No wonder you kept trying to take me away from him.
Unalaq	All I've ever wanted is to help you realize your destiny.
Korra	Well, I don't want your help anymore.
Unalaq	If you start a war, the dark spirits will annihilate the South. And even I will be powerless to stop them.
Korra	I'm done being manipulated by you. You're going to bring my father back, then you and your troops will return to the North. 
Unalaq	And why would I do that?
Korra	Because you still need me to open the Northern portal.
Unalaq	No, I don't. You've served your purpose.
Mako	If we get to Varrick's boat, we can still save your father.
Korra	Let's go.
Northern soldier	You have a license for that animal?
Bolin	 Uh, you fellas seen a traveling circus come through here?
Varrick	 Zhu Li, do the thing.
Excited man	That platypus bear is pooping money!
Bolin	Where's your dad?
Korra	On a ship headed north. Think we can catch up to it?
Varrick	Sure, once you get us past our friends from the North.
Korra	If only we had a plane to get me close to those ships. I could waterbend them out of the way.
Varrick	A plane? Well, why didn't you say so?
Mako	Um, why do you have a plane on your boat?
Varrick	In case the boat sinks, of course.
Asami	But there's no runway. How are we supposed to take off?
Varrick	"Zhu Li! Take a note: ""Build runway""."
Zhu Li	Yes, sir.
Korra	I have an idea.
Korra	Now!
Helmsman	Captain, you'll never gonna believe this.
Korra	There! My dad's on that ship!
Korra	Jump!
Korra	Where are the prisoners?
Tonraq	Korra, this is crazy. You promised me you wouldn't do anything rash.
Korra,	I had to. I'll explain later.
Pema	Sweetie!  You're okay! Oh!  I was so worried!  Do you have something you wanna say to your sister?
Meelo	Ikki, I'm glad you're back.
Jinora	Yeah, sorry we made fun of you.
Ikki	Thanks. Wanna play airball?
Jinora	Sure!
Meelo	Yeah! 
Tenzin	 I wanted to apologize for how I acted yesterday. I've worked so hard to celebrate Dad's legacy that I may have overlooked the parts of him that were less than ideal.
Kya	And we're sorry for dumping our frustrations with Dad out on you.
Bumi	Yeah, you didn't deserve that.
Kya	I thought you two might wanna see this.  Mom gave it to me before we left.
Bumi	That is one good-looking family, huh?
Tenzin	That's one happy family. 
Korra	So once I knew the truth, I couldn't sit by and do nothing.
Tonraq	 My own brother betrayed me. And our entire tribe.
Rebel leader	What's our next move?
Tonraq	I've been running from my past for too long. It's time to put my brother in his place.
Rebel leader	You have our support, Chief Tonraq. 
Korra	 Mine too. I'll be proud to fight alongside you, Dad.
Tonraq	No, Korra.
Korra	 But you said the South doesn't stand a change against Unalaq's forces. I can help. 
Tonraq	The best way for you to help is by getting the president of the United Republic on our side. The South can give Unalaq a good fight for a while. But we'll need the United Forces in order to win this war.
Korra	 All right, I'll get you all the help you need. I love you, Dad. 
Tonraq	I love you, too.
Bolin	I really need to thank you, Korra.
Korra	For what? I started a civil war.
Bolin	Exactly! Now Eska and I are officially broken up.
Varrick	Oh, looks like we have company! And not the fun kind!
Mako	What is that?
Bolin	That would be my darling Eska. Quick question: is this thing fast enough to get away from my crazy waterbending ex-girlfriend?
Varrick	Why do you think I built this boat?
