Bumi	 Come back, Bum-Ju!  If you don't want to wear the sweater I made you, that's fine. I'm sorry I got mad!  Bum-Ju, I'm running out of tree. Can we go down now?  Ahhh!  Bum-Ju, a little help!.
Bumi	Look, I'm airbending!  Ah! Ow, that still hurt a lot.
Korra	How are we ever gonna clear away all these vines?
Korra	 Ugh, I don't get it. I can vanquish Vaatu but not a bunch of stupid vines? 
Tenzin	I'm sure you'll find a way.
Jinora	Why do you want to get rid of them? You changed the world. We're connected with the spirits again. The wilds are their home.
Korra	I don't think that the people who used to live here are as excited about it as you are.
Korra	 I gotta go face the press and tell them I still don't have a way to get rid of the vines.  This should be fun. 
Raiko	I'm not concerned with snappy put-downs in the press. I'm facing this calamity just like every other citizen. [Points at large vine.] There's a tree growing right through my office. You think I'm not doing everything I can to get rid of it?
Reporters	Avatar Korra, few questions please.
Female reporter #1	Why are you forcing the integration of spirits in Republic City?
Korra	Listen, I've been trying everything I can think of to get rid of these vines, but-
Male reporter #4	Are the vines here to stay?
Korra	Look, Harmonic Convergence was just a couple weeks ago. I just needed a little more time to get everything back to normal.
Raiko	The Avatar has put us all in a very difficult position, but my administration-
Korra	 Oh, I'm sorry. Did I put you in a difficult position by fighting the giant force of pure evil that was going to destroy the whole world?  Maybe your administration could have handled that.
Lin	 That's all, no more questions.
Korra	This is a disaster.
Asami	 Don't worry, we'll figure something out.
Korra	Easy for you to say. You don't have my poll numbers. Eight percent approval? Who are they asking?
Asami	You can't take that to heart. People are just frustrated.
Korra	I don't blame them. I should be able to fix this. I'm the Avatar.
Bumi	You're not gonna believe what just happened. Where's your father?
Ikki	 Dad!
Tenzin	 What is it? What's wrong?
Bumi	The most amazing, wondrous, fantastical thing just occurred. Okay,  Bum-Ju and I had a little fight.  I made him this sweater, and he didn't seem to like it, and I'll admit, it might need work, but it was my first attempt at knitting, so I was a little hurt.
Tenzin	 Hilarious.  Time for dinner, everyone.
Bumi	No, check this out.  I can airbend.  Yeah wait, seriously, I was doing it.  No hold on, I just uh, maybe if I-  No.  I swear, I'm not making it up. 
Tenzin	 Stop waving your arms around at the table. It's not funny anymore.
Bumi	 It's not a joke.
Korra	What's up with him?
Bolin	Bumi says he airbended earlier, but he can't now. Oh, and I guess he's not very good at knitting either.  I gotta say, I love being a part of this family.  You got the grumpy dad,  the wacky uncle,  the put-upon mom,  crazy kids. Well, that's just great.
Asami	Where's Mako?
Bolin	Oh, you mean the brooding teenager? He's staying in the police station.
Korra	Still?
Bolin	I told him Tenzin invited us to stay here since our apartment is a vine habitat now, but,  he said he had to focus on work. 
Bumi	Oh, did you see that? I think the napkin moved.
Kya	 You blew on it.
Bumi	Wait!  Maybe I can only do it when my life is in danger. Bolin, bend a giant boulder at me.
Bolin	Yeah, I don't think that's a good idea.
Pema	 If you're going to be bending giant boulders, you can do it outside.
Tenzin	 No one is bending giant boulders!
Meelo	 Look alive, Uncle Bumi!
Bumi	 I told you!
Tenzin	Unbelievable. You're actually an airbender.
Bumi	Wait 'till I tell Mom, she's gonna love this.
Mako	 Ow!  Police. He what? Slow down. Okay, I'm on my way.
Mako	What the heck did all this?
Shopkeeper	It was my brother. He's out of control.
Mako	 Okay, just tell me what happened.
Shopkeeper	We were arguing about the books, and Daw was yelling at me. And all of a sudden, things started flying around. He was creating this storm, like-
Mako	Like what?
Shopkeeper	Well, like he was airbending.
Mako	Sir, that's impossible. There are only five airbenders in the entire world, and, your brother is not one of them.
Shopkeeper	"I know what I saw. He was freaking out yelling: ""What's happening to me?!"" Then, he ran into the back room and locked himself in."
Mako	 Police. Open up.
Daw	 Go away!
Mako	 Get out here, sir, or I'm knocking this door down. One, two--
Daw	I'm so sorry! 
Shopkeeper	 I told you. Airbending! 
Bumi	Ugh, I can't figure this thing out.
Korra	 Do you think being in the Spirit World during Harmonic Convergence could have given him bending?
Tenzin	I suppose it's possible.
Ikki	Maybe Uncle Bumi is just a late bloomer.
Kya	 I have been noticing a change in your aura lately.
Bumi	And you didn't tell me? 
Lin	 Invisible spirit monster attack?
Tenzin	Lin, you won't believe this. Bumi just started airbending. 
Lin	I'm afraid he's not the only one.
Mako	I got a call last night. About a guy who just started airbending out of nowhere.
Tenzin	You mean there's another one? Where is he now?
Mako	He ... blew a door down on me and got away. We got an all-points bulletin out on him right now.
Korra	 Wait, we'll help you look for him. Where should we start?
Mako	 Oh, well, y'know, you should leave it with the police. It's ... police business. Y'know. It's um ... official.
Korra	Okay.  How are you doing? You know, you're welcome to stay here instead of sleeping at the police station.
Mako	No, I'm fine. I should just, get going. So, as you were  ladies. 
Korra	 This is so exciting! New airbenders in the city. I bet we can find that guy before Mako does.  You know I'm not very good at this.
Asami	 You're the Avatar, master of all the elements. You should know how to drive.  Besides, it's relaxing.  Clutch! Clutch!  That's the brake. Let's try again. You ready?
Korra	 How long do you think talking to Mako is gonna be like pulling teeth?
Asami	" Well, Mako has never been the most ... ""in touch with his feelings"" guy,  but it'll get better eventually."
Korra	So, when I was gone, did he tell you that we broke up?
Asami	Yeah ... we all knew. Sorry.
Korra	 That's pretty embarrassing.
Asami	Actually, I need to tell you something about that,  and I should have told you this sooner, but ... while you were gone ... I ... kind of ... kissed him. I'm sorry.
Korra	 No wonder he's so nervous around us!
Asami	You're not mad?
Korra	No! I mean, I kissed Mako when he was going out with you, so ...
Asami	 You what?
Korra	 I'm so sorry! I thought you knew!
Asami	 I'm just kidding. I knew a long time ago.
Korra	 Well, whatever happened with Mako, I'm glad it hasn't come between us. I've never had a girlfriend to hang out with and talk to before, except for Naga. This is nice.
Asami	Vine! Vine!
Korra	What are you doing living in the middle of the road in the first place?!
Korra	Look, I don't have anything against spirits, but these vines are causing major problems all over the city!
Asami	[As Korra seats back staring into blank space.] Korra, you okay?
Korra	 I think that spirit just gave me an idea how to get rid of these vines ...  But I'm gonna need a lot of water.
Tenzin	It's like a dream, Dad. After a hundred and seventy years, new airbenders.
Ikki	Dad.  When that new guy's airbending, does that make him our brother?
Tenzin	Well, in a way, all airbenders are our family.
Ikki	Does that mean I have to share my room? Because I like my personal space.
Tenzin	Of course not. But we might have to get used to not being the only airbenders around anymore.
Meelo	I hope we have enough for an army.  I want to be Commander like Uncle Bumi.
Jinora	Air Nomads don't have armies, Meelo.
Tenzin	But maybe, there will be enough to fill the temples again. 
Jinora	What's wrong, Daddy?
Tenzin	I just wish your grandfather was here to see this.
Meelo	Will you be airbender President?
Tenzin	No, but I think the new airbenders will need lots of help and guidance to understand what it means to be part of our nation. That's a big responsibility.
Meelo	 Don't worry dad, we'll help you. 
Tenzin	I know you will. 
Korra	I hope this works.  What are you guys doing here?
Raiko	I was alerted that you had a new plan to wipe out these noxious weed. So I thought you'd want everyone to be here to watch.
Korra	[Stretches out a hand; sharply.] No questions! Just stand there. Silently!
Korra	Go in peace. 
Male reporter #7	Will you send the spirits away now? [Korra turns in annoyance.]
Korra	[As reporters run away.] Look out! [Grabs her staff.]
Korra	Let's go, people! Hurry.
Korra	 Hang on.
Bolin	I think that could've gone better.
Korra	Can't talk. Meditating.
Tenzin	You must be at the end of your rope. You hate meditating.
Korra	I thought if I really tried I might be able to contact my past Avatars, someone who knows something to help me, but I can't. They're gone and I'm all alone.  Did I ruin everything by leaving the spirit portals open?
Tenzin	You didn't ruin anything. You did what you thought was best for the world, and now things have changed.  Change can be good or bad, depending on your point of view.
Korra	 I know the people's point of view. It's bad.
Tenzin	You're not the President, Korra. Your job isn't to fix the daily problems of every person in Republic City. Your responsibility is to bring balance to the entire world, and that means no matter what you do, some people are not going to be happy about it.
Korra	Right. 
Tenzin	On the other hand, some people will be very happy.  Like me. What you did during Harmonic Convergence may have brought back the Air Nation, and that can only be good for restoring balance. That is the act of a great Avatar.
Korra	It's scary. I have all this power and all these people depending on me, but I don't know what I am supposed to be doing half the time. It seems like I should be ... wiser.
Tenzin	True wisdom begins when we accept things as they are. You've started a new age, Korra. There's no going back to the past. 
Bolin	Mako called!  The cops found a new airbender guy, but when they tried to bring him in, he ran away and climbed to the top of Kyoshi Bridge and won't come down. Ooh sorry, did I interrupt an Avatar wisdom session?
Korra	 Avatar wisdom is the thing of the past, Bolin.  Come on.
Bolin	Oh okay. Is that a good thing?
Korra	Depends who you ask.
Lin	 Come down immediately, or we will be forced to take action.
Daw	 Stay back! I'm dangerous.
Daw	 Sorry!
Korra	Don't panic, I'm just here to talk.
Daw	Please, I don't know what I'm doing and I don't want to hurt anyone.
Korra	Tell me about it. Rough day, huh? I'm having kind of a rough day myself. You mind if I sit down here?
Daw	 Huh.
Korra	Look, I know you're scared. You've gone through a big change and its kind of my fault. But you're not alone, there are other airbenders and they want to help you. Actually, they are really excited to meet you.
Daw	I don't want to be an airbender. Please, you're the Avatar, make it stop. Ahh! 
Korra	I'm sorry, I can't, but I promise you things will get better if you just give it a chance. Let me take you over to Air Temple Island and we can talk this through. Okay? 
Daw	Oh! Ahh!
Korra	Daw, this is Tenzin. He is going to help you.
Tenzin	 It is absolutely my pleasure to meet you, Daw. I have never met a new airbender before. Well, at least not one whose diaper I didn't have to change.
Daw	Actually, I just fell off a bridge so I could use a fresh diaper right about now. 
Raiko	So, is this the deal?  We have crisis every other day now thanks to you.
Korra	Listen, I know you're having a tough time getting used to these changes and I'm sorry for that, but you and everyone else are going to have to learn live with it. The vines and the spirits are here to stay.
Raiko	Well, you know who's not here to stay?  You! I order you to leave this city. You've caused nothing but trouble since you arrived. 
Korra	Don't worry, I was already leaving.
Korra	I can see my path now. There are new airbenders out there and I'm going to find them and rebuild the Air Nation.
Tenzin	Don't think I'm not going with you. It's so exciting. Who knows who's out there now, discovering the gift of airbending for the first time?
Zaheer	Of course. [Turns to face the wall, with his hands behind his head.]
Zaheer	Have you ever read the poetry of the great airbending guru, Laghima?
Zaheer	Guru Laghima lived four thousand years ago in the Northern Air Temple. It is said that he unlocked the secret of weightlessness and became untethered from the earth, living his final forty years without ever touching the ground.
Zaheer	"Like all great children's tales, it contains truth within the myth. Laghima once wrote: ""Instinct is a lie, told by a fearful body, hoping to be wrong."""
Zaheer	It means that when you base your expectations only on what you see, [Puts his hands down.] you blind yourself to the possibilities of a new reality.
Zaheer	Uh, uh, uh. You wouldn't want to singe your friend, would you?
Zaheer	Nature is constantly changing. Like the wind.
Zaheer	Now you might want to ration that bowl of rice. You've got three weeks until the next shift change. It's the dawning of a new age. The end of the White Lotus, and soon, the end of the Avatar.
