Korra	[In an upbeat tone while picking up a towel.] Man, I got a good feeling about tonight. I don't care if we are the underdogs. We can take those pompous Wolfbats.
Mako	 It's going to be our toughest match ever, but I think you're right.
Bolin	 Introducing your new champs, the fantastic Fire Ferrets!
Amon	Good morning, citizens of Republic City. This is Amon.  I hope you all enjoyed last night's pro-bending match, because it will be the last.  It's time for this city to stop worshiping bending athletes as if they were heroes. I am calling on the council to shut down the bending arena  and cancel the finals, or else there will be severe consequences.
Bolin	That guy's got some nerve.
Mako	You think the council will give in?
Korra	I'm not waiting to find out. We need to get to City Hall.
Tenzin	 Korra, you shouldn't be here. This is a closed meeting.
Korra	As the Avatar and a pro-bending player, I have a right to be heard. You can't cancel the finals.
Tenzin	I know winning the championship means a lot to you. But as far as I'm concerned, we need to shut the arena down.
Korra	What about the rest of you? Tarrlok, there's no way you're backing down from Amon, right?
Tarrlok	Actually,  Tenzin and I agree for once.
Tenzin	The council is unanimous. We're closing the arena.
Mako	No!
Bolin	You can't!
Korra	 I-I don't understand. I thought you, of all people, would take a stand against Amon.
Tarrlok	While I am still committed to bringing that lunatic to justice, I will not put innocent lives at stake just so you and your friends can play a game.
Mako	 Pro-bending might only be a game to you, but think of what it means to the city! Right now the arena is the one place where benders and nonbenders gather together ... in-in peace! To watch benders ...
Bolin	Beat each other up! In peace!  It's an inspiration to everyone!
Tarrlok	I appreciate your naive idealism, but you're ignoring the reality of the situation.
Korra	The reality is if you close the arena, you let Amon win!
Bolin	 Yes, exactly what she said! Yes!
Tarrlok	I'm sorry, but our decision has been made. This meeting is adjourned.
Lin	I can't believe I'm saying this, but I agree with the Avatar.
Tarrlok	You do?
Korra	Yeah, you do?
Lin	I expected this kind of cut-and-run response from Tenzin.  But the rest of you? Come on, show a little more backbone. It's time that the benders of this city displayed some strength and unity against these Equalists.
Tenzin	 We must prevent the conflict between benders and nonbenders from escalating into all-out war!  The council is not changing its position, Lin.
Tarrlok	Now just a moment, Tenzin. Let us hear what our esteemed Chief of Police has in mind. 
Lin	If you keep the arena open, my metalbenders and I will provide extra security during the championship match. There's no better force to deal with the chi blockers. Our armor is impervious to their attacks.
Tarrlok	Are you saying that you will personally take responsibility for the safety of the spectators in the arena? 
Lin	 I guarantee it.
Tarrlok	 It is hard to argue with Chief Beifong's track record.  If she is confident her elite officers can protect the arena, then she has my support. I am changing my vote.  Who else is with me?  The arena stays open. Good luck in the finals.
Bolin	All right!
Mako	 Yeah!
Korra	 Thank you!
Tarrlok	And good luck to you, Chief Beifong.
Tenzin	A word please, Lin.
Tenzin	Tarrlok's playing you and I don't want to see you get hurt.
Lin	I know what I am doing and the risks that come with it.
Tenzin	In that case, I'm going to be by your side during the match.
Lin	 You don't need to babysit me.
Tenzin	It's for Korra. I want to make sure she's safe.
Lin	 Do what you want! It's not like I've ever been able to stop you before.
Korra	 Excuse me, Chief Beifong. I wanted to thank you for your help,  it ... really ... means a lot ...  What is her deal? Even when she's on my side, she's against me!
Tenzin	I've known Lin since we were children, she's always been ...  challenging.
Korra	What did your father do to make her hate the Avatar so much?
Tenzin	My father and Lin got along famously.  I'm afraid her issues ... are with me.
Korra	 Wait a second ...  it all makes sense now!  You and Beifong, Beifong and you. You two were a  couple!
Tenzin	 What! How-?  Where'd you get that idea?
Korra	Ha!  Your wife.
Tenzin	 Criminy! I'll have to have a word with her.
Korra	" So ... Pema stole you from Beifong. I'm surprised our ""esteemed Chief of Police"" didn't throw her in jail."
Tenzin	 Oh, she tried.  Anyway, Pema didn't steal me, Lin and I had been growing apart for some time. We both had different goals in li-  Why am I even telling you this? It all happened a long time ago and we've moved passed it.
Korra	Hm, apparently Beifong hasn't.
Tenzin	What do you ...  Of course she has! Anyway, this is none of your business! 
Korra	 See you at home, Mr. Heartbreaker! 
Lieutenant	 I just got word. The council defied your threat. They're keeping the arena open.
Amon	Perfect.  Everything is going according to plan. 
Officer	All clear, Chief.
Tenzin	How is the security sweep going?
Lin	 Fine.
Tenzin	They've checked underneath the stands?
Lin	 Yes.
Tenzin	And you have enough officers to cover all points of entry?
Lin	 I have the skies, the bay, and every nook and cranny of this place covered.  Now leave me alone and let me do my job.
Tenzin	 Lin, with so much on the line it would be nice if we could help each other out, at least for one night.
Lin	 Like old times?
Tenzin	Like old times.
Lin	 Okay, I'll try to be less abrasive than usual.
Tenzin	I would appreciate that.
Bolin	[Cut to Bolin talking to Pabu.] Now I know there's a big crowd but don't be nervous. You're gonna do great, I believe in you. [Pabu looks at Bolin innocently.]
Bolin	[Whispering to Pabu.] You're on, Pabu.
Bolin	Yes! Nailed it!  He's so talented!
Bolin	Pfft, [To Pabu.] they got nothing on us, buddy. Anybody can howl. [Tries to howl.] Hm, whatever.
Korra	 I'm gonna knock Tahno's stupid hair off his stupid head!
Shiro Shinobi	Tahno tries to clean the Avatar's clock with some dirty water boxing. [Mako firebends and misses while Ming takes two earth disks and kicks them to Mako, followed by two more, which is enough to force him back to zone two.] Ming shakes off Mako's attack and returns the favor. [Shaozu flips forward while Bolin kicks some earth disks toward him. One of his disks bounces off the side ropes and hits Shaozu, knocking him against the fence.] Shaozu gets fancy, but Bolin ricochets a disk off the ropes and says 'No, thank you sir!'
Mako	 Nice shot!
Mako	[To the referee.] What's the big idea, ref? That was a hosing foul! [Referee signals it was not and Mako looks at him in anger.]
Tenzin	[Angrily.] Oh come on, refs! There was some funny business in that last play!
Lin	 Wouldn't have guessed you knew the rules of pro-bending?
Tenzin	 I've been brushing up. That Wolfbat blatantly bent a disk outside of his zone.
Korra	What's wrong with these refs?
Mako	They've been paid off; it's the only explanation.  Someone wants us to lose.
Korra	 If the Wolfbats are gonna fight dirty,  then so should we.
Mako	No we can't!  The refs have it out for us. If we're gonna win this thing, it has to be fair and square.
Korra	 Argh, that's no fun but ... all right.
Shiro Shinobi	[Mako firebends, only for it to be blocked by Shaozu. Korra waterbends at Ming, who blocks it with firebending. Bolin sends a disk at Tahno, who blocks it with waterbending. Tahno waterbends twice at Korra, who dodges and blocks them.] The opening salvo is a brutal call as both sides give it their all. [Korra starts to waterbend, but her right foot gets iced. Tahno kicks her back with waterbending.] But once again, Tahno sneaks in a little ice to get the upper hand. [Bolin sends an earth disc at Shaozu, sending him back. Ming attempts to block a firebending blast with a disk but is sent backward. Mako dodges three firebending blasts that were aimed at his head.] Wowzers! Those look like illegal head shots to me! [In slow motion, Mako dodges another blast to the head. Bell rings. Camera zooms out to show that all players are still on the arena floor.]
Referee	[Camera zooms in as he gestures toward them.] The Fire Ferrets win the coin toss. Which element do you choose?
Korra	 I'm taking this one. Let's go!  You and me, pretty boy!
Tahno	 Thought you'd never ask.
Tahno	 Come on, little girl. Give me your best shot.
Korra	 Hmph, chump.
Mako	[High five to Korra.] Nice one!
Bolin	That's the stuff. You are my herooo-ah!
Mako	 We might actually win this thing!
Tahno	 Let's send them to a watery grave!
Lin	 I can't believe your sweet-tempered father was reincarnated into that girl. She's tough as nails.
Tenzin	 Reminds me of someone else I knew at that age. You two might get along if you would only give her a chance.
Lin	 Hmph.
Referee	[Cut to Referee.] Knockout!
Tenzin	 Oh, come on! Those were illegal head shots! Open your eyes, ref!
Tahno	[Close-up. Removing his helmet.] I barely broke a sweat! Anybody else wanna scrap with the champs?
Tenzin	Look out!
Korra	 What?
Tahno	[Side-view. Looking at the referee.] What's going on here, ref?
Referee	 I don't know!
Tahno	 All right, you want a piece of the Wolfbats? Here it comes!
Tahno	 Wait, please don't do this!  I'll give you the championship pot,  I'll-I'll give you everything just  please don't take my bending!
Amon	I believe I have your attention, benders of Republic City.  So once again, the Wolfbats are your pro-bending champions.  It seems fitting that you celebrate three bullies who cheated their way to victory because every day,  you threaten and abuse your fellow nonbending citizens  just like the Wolfbats did to their opponents tonight.  Those men were supposedly the best in the bending world and yet it only took a few moments for me to  cleanse them of their impurity. Let this be a warning to all of you benders out there:  if any of you stand in my way,  you will meet the same fate.  Now, to my followers: for years the Equalists have been forced to hide in the shadows, but now we have the numbers and the strength to create a new Republic City.  I'm happy to tell you that the  time for change has finally come. Very soon, the current tyrannical bending regime will be replaced by a fair-minded Equalist government. You and your children will no longer have to walk the streets afraid! It's time to take back our city.
Mako	How are we gonna get out of here?
Bolin	Pabu! Listen up, buddy. 
Mako	 Stop fooling around!
Bolin	I'm not! I'm trying to save us!  See? Pabu's not just a one trick poodle pony. 
Amon	 For centuries, benders have possessed an unnatural advantage over ordinary people.  But thankfully, modern technology has provided us with a way to even out the playing field.  Now anyone can hold the power of a chi blocker in their hand.  My followers and I will not rest until the entire city achieves equality, and once that goal is achieved, we will equalize the rest of the world.  The revolution has begun! 
Lin	 Tenzin! 
Bolin	 It's okay, Pabu. Just a little explosion.  Keep chewing, you're almost through it!  Yes! Great job, buddy!
Korra	 I'm going after Amon!
Mako	 Be careful!
Lin	 You all right?
Korra	 I'm fine, thanks to you.
Lin	Don't mention it, kid.  Looks like we lost this one.
Mako	 I'm so glad you're okay!
Bolin	 Me too! 
Lin	 I can't believe Amon did this. I played right into his hand.
Tenzin	He played us all.  Republic City is at war.
