Shiro Shinobi	 Is there any place safe for the Avatar? First, President Raiko banished her from Republic City. Then the Earth Queen declared her an enemy of the Earth Kingdom after Korra rescued a group of airbenders in Ba Sing Se. And Korra has learned that Zaheer and his fellow criminals are after her. With Tenzin busy with bringing the new recruits to the Northern Air Temple, Korra's protection rests in Beifong's hands.
Lin	While you're playing fetch, four of the most dangerous criminals are hunting you down. We should get moving.
Korra	Relax, we just got here. Besides, no one knows where I am except us.  I think she wants you to throw it for her.
Lin	I'll pass, thanks.
Asami	We just got a call from the radio about another airbender.
Korra	Finally! Where are they?
Mako	A city called Zaofu,  the home of the Metal Clan.
Korra	You know the place?
Lin	 Uhh ... Never been there.  But I don't want you going there. I would rest a lot easier if you were back at Republic City.
Korra	Sorry, if there's an airbender in Zaofu, then that's where we are going next.
Bolin	 Wow! Wow! Wow!  An entire city made of metal! Wohoho,  you should feel right at home, Beifong.
Lin	 Hmm ...
Bolin	Yeah!
Asami	 Aren't you coming?
Lin	What's there to see? It's metal. Big whoop. Just find the airbender and let's get moving. Don't tell anyone I'm here.
Korra	Why not?
Lin	I don't need to explain myself to you.  Just do what I say.
Korra	 Fine.  You got it, Chief Crankypants.
Aiwei	Avatar Korra. It is an honor to meet you.  My name is Aiwei.
Korra	 Thanks for having us.
Aiwei	 Is this everyone?
Korra	 Yup.  Just us. So, can I meet the new airbender?
Aiwei	 Of course,  right this way.
Ikki	 And this is the Air Acolyte dining hall where everyone eats. And this is Daw.  He's a new airbender too,  like you guys.
Daw	 It's so nice to meet you. How exciting. New friends.
Zaheer	 Excuse me, hello?  My name is Yorru.  I heard this is the place to come for if you're a new airbender.
Meelo	You got that right, stranger.
Zaheer	Well, a couple of weeks ago, I woke up and suddenly I can do this. 
Ikki	 Mom!  Aunt Kya!  We got another one!
Aiwei	 That statue honors the first metalbender, Toph Beifong, who expanded the possibilities of what benders were capable of. Here, everyone is encouraged to reach his, or her, highest potential.
Bolin	 Does Toph live here? Are we going to get to meet her?
Aiwei	I'm afraid not.  She would visit from time to time, but years ago she left to wander the world, in search of enlightenment.  No one has seen her since. 
Korra	Wow. Is this where the airbender lives?
Aiwei	Yes. But first, her mother wants to meet you.
Korra	Is this some kind of combat training?
Aiwei	Not exactly, they are rehearsing for a dance premiere next month.
Suyin	 That's it for today everyone. 
Aiwei	Allow me to introduce the matriarch of the Metal Clan, Suyin.
Suyin	Please call me Su.  Great to finally meet you, Avatar Korra.  And this must be Mako, Bolin, and Asami.
Mako	You've done your research.
Suyin	I make it my business to know who's visiting my city.
Korra	So, you're a dancer.
Suyin	 Dancer. Leader. Wife. Mother. Collector of rare meteorites. You'll find people here have many skills and interests.  Korra, why did you lie when Aiwei asked if there was anyone else with you? 
Korra	 What? I, uh, I didn't. I mean ...
Bolin	Oh ...
Korra	How did you know I was lying?
Aiwei	I'm a truth seer. When people lie, their heart rate and breathing increase.  I can sense the most subtle of changes.
Suyin	Thanks to Aiwei, there are no secrets in our city.
Korra	 We came with Republic City's Chief of Police. She didn't want anyone to know she was here. I'm sorry I didn't tell you.
Suyin	 Lin's here? Well, I would love to say hello.
Korra	Wait, you two know each other?
Suyin	You're joking, right?  Lin never told you about me.
Korra	No. Why would she?
Suyin	I'm Lin's sister.
Korra	 I found out  why you're so against coming here.  Why didn't you ever tell me you had a sister?
Lin	Half-sister.
Suyin	"Same mom, different dads, so what?  We're blood, Lin, and after thirty years, the least you could do is say ""hello""."
Lin	 I have nothing to say to you.
Korra	 You two haven't spoken in thirty years? How come? 
Suyin	Ask her, I've tried.
Lin	Oh, don't put that on me.  You're the one who tore our family apart.
Suyin	 And you've done a bang up job keeping it that way.
Lin	You haven't changed one bit, have you?
Suyin	Look, we can stay here arguing about the past all day, but that's not reason the Avatar came here.  My daughter is thrilled to meet you.
Korra	Lin, your niece is the new airbender! Isn't that amazing?
Lin	 Yeah. Terrific.
Suyin	Those are my two youngest, Wei and Wing. They're playing a game called Power Disc. They invented it all on their own.
Suyin	Oh, nice power, Wei.
Wei	 Ha! Wing goes down!
Suyin	I'm so proud of those two.  Huan, I'd like you to meet the Avatar and her friends. And your Aunt Lin.
Korra	Nice to meet you.
Huan	 Hey. 
Bolin	Wow, that's a really nice ... banana? Yes, very, very lifelike.
Huan	 It's not a banana! It was inspired by Harmonic Convergence; represents the dawning of a New Age.  Obviously.
Bolin	Oh, yeah, no, uh, I can, I can totally see that.  I can, oh, let me stand here. Yes, I can see that now. Yes. Thank you.  Banana.  I mean, that's a banana right?
Suyin	And this is my daughter, Opal.
Opal	 Wow, Avatar Korra.  I can't believe you're here. You are so amazing.
Korra	It's great to meet you, Opal.
Bolin	Opal. That's a beautiful name.
Opal	 Thanks.
Bolin	I'm Bolin. 
Opal	Opal.  But, uh, you already knew that.
Lin	Great. We've found the airbender. Let's take her back to the airship and get out of here.
Suyin	And the woman apparently trying to abduct you is your aunt Lin.
Opal	Really? I've always wanted to meet you. My mom has told so many stories about you.
Lin	 I'm sure she has. 
Suyin	So I've set all of you up in the guesthouses while Korra trains Opal.
Korra	Oh, I'm sorry. But I was hoping she could train with the rest of the airbenders at the Northern Temple.
Opal	That sounds amazing.
Suyin	Nonsense. This is where Opal's home and family are. You can train her here.
Korra	I guess I could help her get started.
Lin	Absolutely not! We're leaving.
Korra	She's just a little worried because there's a bunch of crazy criminals after me.
Suyin	If you're concerned about security, don't be. This is the safest city in the world.  Now I'll see you all at dinner. And come hungry. My chef will blow the taste buds right out of your mouth.
Korra	Why do you have such a problem with your sister? She seems nice.  Come on, we can stay a little while. 
Korra	Okay. Let's see what you've got.
Opal	 I'm not very good.
Korra	That's okay. I've never been a teacher before, so we're in the same boat.  You'd want to keep your elbows in, torso straight, feet just skimming the ground. Why don't you try it with me?
Korra	Woah. You're a natural.
Opal	You really think so? Thanks.
Meelo	 You call yourself an airbender? Disgraceful!
Meelo	 Be the leaf!
Daw	But, I don't even know what that means.
Meelo	Now, that man is a leaf.
Zaheer	A student is only  as good as his master.
Kya	Great news! I just got a message from Tenzin. He's with a whole group of other airbenders at the Northern Temple and he wants all of you to join them.  We leave first thing in the morning.
Zaheer	And the Avatar is with him?
Kya	 No. Apparently she had to split off from Tenzin.
Zaheer	 That's unfortunate. I was really looking forward to meeting her.
Chef	Tonight, for your dining pleasure, I present a seared wild Kyoshi elephant koi, paired with a ginger-infused pea tendril and hibiscus root salad.
Suyin	Stunning.
Baatar	 Sorry, dear, I'm going to have to take dinner to my office. I just had a major breakthrough on the tram station remodel.
Suyin	Well, don't let me stand away an inspiration.
Baatar	You're the best!
Suyin	 That was my brilliant architect of a husband, Baatar, and our oldest son. He engineers all my husband's projects.
Lin	Five kids. What a nightmare.
Suyin	No, no. My children are a blessing.
Lin	Yeah, mom used to say that too, but she never meant it.
Bolin	"Mmmm. I have to admit, I was pretty skeptical when he said ""pea tendrils"",  but this is delicious."
Opal	 I know, right. I don't think I've ever had a bad meal in my life.
Bolin	Oh. I had plenty when Mako and I were living in the streets.  I mean, you'd be surprised how bad food from a dumpster can be.
Opal	I'm sorry. I didn't know.
Bolin	No, no, it's okay, that's all in the past. Things are great now. I got to be a pro-bender, fought against a dangerous revolution, became a mover star, and now, I'm helping the Avatar rebuild a whole nation.
Opal	 Wow. Your life sounds so exciting.
Suyin	How's your search for the new airbenders going?
Korra	Honestly, not great. We had to rescue a whole group of them from the Earth Queen.
Suyin	Oh, she's horrible. She thinks she can just do whatever she wants.
Lin	Sounds familiar.
Suyin	What?
Lin	Nothing.
Suyin	I mean, the idea of even having a queen is so outdated. Don't you agree, Korra?
Korra	I ... I haven't really thought about it too much.
Suyin	Well, you should start. The world is evolving and the Earth Queen can evolve with it or step aside.
Lin	 Hey, everyone. My little sister is an expert on world affairs now.
Suyin	You want to talk about what's really bugging you? Because I'm right here!
Varrick	Sorry we're late, everyone.
Bolin	 Varrick!
Asami	What are you doing here?
Varrick	Great question, Asami. I mean, what are any of us doing here? Wow, food for thought. Any who, how's our company doing?
Asami	You mean my company. Future Industries reverted back to me after you plotted to abduct the President.
Varrick	Allegedly plotted to abduct the President. Never convicted.
Mako	Uh, that's because you escaped prison.
Varrick	No, the universe decided to set me free. So, I looked up my old friend Suyin here, pitched her a few ideas,  and bam! We're in business together.
Suyin	Varrick's heading up my new technology division.
Varrick	 I've seen the future, and the future is, magnets! I'm working on a high speed rail that would revolutionize transportation and shipping as we know it. But that's not all, I'm-
Lin	 All right, enough!  I'm trying to keep the Avatar safe and you're harboring a criminal?
Suyin	Ease out, Lin. Sure Varrick's made a few mistakes in his past, but that doesn't mean he should pay for it for the rest of his life. My chef was a pirate, but now he's a culinary master. People change.
Lin	 You haven't. 
Korra	Lin!
Mako	So, you and Opal seemed to hit it off dinner. I think she's really into you.
Bolin	Yeah, I know. She's sweet and pretty and super nice. Too bad she's not my type.
Mako	Right, I forgot. Your type is dumb mover star or psycho ice princess.
Bolin	 You know, that really hurts a little bit. Right ...  here.  Maybe you're right, bro. Maybe Opal is Bolin material. Thanks.  Yeah!
Suyin	You know, before I built this city, there was nothing here. I wanted to make my mark on the world.
Korra	It's amazing. Thank you for being so welcoming. And I'm sorry for how Lin's been acting. Can I ask what happened with you two?
Suyin	It's complicated. We didn't have a normal childhood. Neither of us knew our fathers and Toph was always busy being Chief of Police. Because mom grew up in such a strict household, she gave us all the freedom in the world, hoping we'd figure out our own paths.
Korra	That sounds like a good thing.
Suyin	And in a way it was. But we both ended up fighting for mom's attention. Lin followed in her footsteps and became a cop. I was ... more of a rebel. Mom wasn't too happy with how either of us turned out. When I was sixteen, I left home to explore the world.  I sailed the seas on a pirate ship, joined a traveling circus for a while, and lived in a sandbender commune in a desert. It took me a while, but, I finally realized what I was looking for was a family. So I bought this plot of land, found a brilliant architect who later became my husband, and created a place I could truly call home.
Korra	It sounds like you've created the perfect life here.
Suyin	 Almost. I've always wanted Lin to be a part of it, but I gave up hope long ago of her ever coming around.
Bolin	 Hey, lady. Wow, you really blowin' me away with your airbending.  Ahhh, woo-woosh, psst.
Opal	Why are you acting weird?
Bolin	Why are you acting weird?
Opal	I don't like how you're talking to me. 
Bolin	 Look, I'm sorry. I just get really self-conscious when I know when a girl likes me, and I-I end up looking stupid.
Opal	Who said I liked you?
Bolin	Oh no. But I though ... Mako said-
Opal	Just kidding. But, do me a favor and stop trying.  Look, don't stop trying. Just stop trying so much. Just be yourself.
Bolin	Huh. Be myself. Yeah, I guess I can give that a shot.
Opal	Oh, hey Korra.
Korra	Can I steal you away from Bolin for a minute? I need you help with something.
Zaheer	"""Let go your earthly tether. Enter the void. Empty and become wind."""
Ikki	What are you doing? No one's allowed in Daddy's study except Daddy.
Zaheer	I'm sorry. I couldn't sleep.
Ikki	What were you reading?
Zaheer	A poem by Guru Laghima, the wisest airbender who ever lived.
Kya	 Ikki, you should be in bed. C'mon.
Ikki	Night.
Zaheer	Good night.
Kya	 You seem to know a lot about airbender history for someone who just got airbending.
Zaheer	I've always admired the culture.
Kya	And you moved through those gates like a natural. Where did you say you were from?
Zaheer	A small village up north. You've probably never heard of it.
Kya	Wait.  Zaheer!
Kya	I need some help!
White Lotus sentry	Hold it right there!
Zaheer	Sorry, I won't be joining you at the Northern Air Temple. I'm afraid I have other plans.
Lin	 Who is it?
Korra	Hey, it's me. I brought someone who wants to talk to you. 
Lin	You want to talk? Then talk.
Opal	I'm sorry being here has been so hard for you. When you showed up, I was so excited to get to know you. I heard so many great things about you from mom and Grandma Toph. So, I guess I was kind of sad you didn't want to know me.  Believe me, I know my family can be a little crazy and overwhelming some times. But I would love it so much if you would be a part of it.
Lin	Get out.
Opal	 Sorry, did I say something wrong?
Lin	 Get out!
Korra	What's your problem? Don't get mad at Opal. I asked her to talk to you because I thought it would help you snap out of whatever funk you're in. But I guess I was wrong.
Lin	Why don't you focus on fixing the world, and stop trying to fix my family?
Korra	Su's right. You're never going to change. You're always gonna be a bitter, lonely woman.
