Shiro Shinobi	 It's brother versus brother in the war of the Water Tribes. After Korra discovered that Chief Unalaq betrayed her and her father, she turned against him, sparking civil war. The Southern rebels rallied around Tonraq, but they are vastly outnumbered, so Korra is headed to Republic City to seek aid. But will she be able to convince President Raiko to send troops to help the South?
Lin	Welcome home, Avatar.  Thanks for starting a war.
Korra	 I didn't start a war. Well, I did, but it's more complicated than you're making it seem.
Lin	Mako, I want you back on the beat. There's going to be a Southern Water Tribe peace march tonight. I need you there to make sure things don't get out of hand.
Mako	I'm all yours.
Korra	I'll go too. The people of the South need to see that the Avatar is on their side in the fight against the Northern invaders.
Lin	 Great, that should calm them down. 
Mako	Maybe you should sit this out.
Korra	What?
Mako	I just think having you there blatantly supporting one side will only make things worse. You could at least try to seem neutral.
Korra	I'm not neutral! The North invaded my home. The only reason I'm here is to get the Republic to send troops to help the South.
Varrick	Zhu Li's already scheduled a meeting for us with President Raiko tomorrow. We'll get them on board.
Mako	Whatever, I gotta go to work. 
Asami	I better go check on my factory. 
Korra	I'm going to find out about this peace march. 
Varrick	And I am dying for a pedicure. 
Bolin	So, um, what should I be doing?
Mako	I don't know, Bolin. Figure something out.
Varrick	 Say, kid, have you ever seen Republic City at night? 
Bolin	Sure, I live here.
Varrick	Have you really seen it?
Bolin	Y- no?
Varrick	 That's what I thought. Come on.
General	 Tonraq and the rebels are holed up here in the hills outside of town.
Unalaq	Leave them. My brother's no threat to us up there. Increase security around the spirit portal. Keeping it safe is our number one priority.
General	Yes, sir!
Unalaq	I need you two to go after the Avatar. She's the only one who can open the Northern spirit portal.
Desna	But Father, you told Korra-
Unalaq	I told Korra what I thought she needed to hear.
Eska	I'll find her.  She stole my husband.
Unalaq	I need her alive.
Eska	 Fine.
Meelo	Watch me, Poki.  You lie down and roll over.  Roll. Over.
Tenzin	No, no, you can't just demonstrate it. That never works.
Meelo	 Good! 
Tenzin	 Ugh, classic over-rewarding.
Meelo	Poki, where are you going?
Tenzin	Command respect.  Having some trouble, son?
Meelo	Poki isn't very good at learning.
Tenzin	Believe me, I know the feeling. Maybe I can help. How would you like your old dad to teach you how to be a master trainer?
Meelo	 Yeah!
Reporter	Tensions are running up high outside of the Southern Water Tribe Cultural Center. The Avatar is leading a group of Southerners in a peaceful protest against Chief Unalaq, but the Northerners have come out in droves in support of their leader.
Northern protesters	 Boo! Get out of here! Boo! Get a real job! Get out of here!
Mako	Hey! Stop! Republic City Police!
Korra	 The Northern Water Tribe is out of control!
Mako	I saw a firebender running away from the blast. The North might not be responsible for this.
Korra	Of course, they're responsible. Who else would it be? 
Bolin	Wow. Usually, when I see flashing lights like this, it's because I got hit in the head with a rock.
Varrick	Being famous is like getting hit with a rock all the time.
Spectator	Look! It's Bolin!
Shiro Shinobi	Folks, that cheer you're hearing is for local favorite, Bolin, of the Fire Ferrets. Let's see if we can get a quick interview. Bolin!  Bolin, the Fire Ferrets are out for the season. How have you been spending your time lately?
Bolin	Well, I took a trip South for the Glacier Spirits Festival, was briefly engaged to a princess, then went through kind of a tough breakup there, was accidentally involved in a civil war ...  But there's nowhere I'd rather be than pro-bending night in Republic City! Am I right, people? Republic City! 
Shiro Shinobi	Do you miss being in the ring?
Bolin	Well, I definitely don't miss getting hit with things all the time, and the humiliating losing. I mean, that gets pretty old. You know, sometimes I actually cry myself to sleep ...  I guess what I miss the most are these fans! They're the greatest fans in the world! Give it up for the fans! 
Varrick	Look how these people love you, kid! They're eating that cornball spiel right out of your hand.
Bolin	"The trick is, whenever I get confused, I just say ""Republic City"" or ""fans"", and then everyone cheers."
Varrick	I think I just figured out your true calling.
Korra	I hope President Raiko listens to us.
Varrick	Don't worry. I was a big contributor to his election campaign. Him and the other guy. Gotta hedge your bets.
Korra	Hello, Mr. President.  Sir, the Southern Water Tribe-
Raiko	Just a second. Keep smiling. 
Raiko	Now, how can I help the Avatar and my most generous supporter?
Korra	Unalaq's troops have invaded the South. We need you to send the United Forces to help.
Raiko	I'm very concerned by what's happening down there. But I don't think it's the Republic's place to interfere with internal Water Tribe matters.
Korra	Unalaq isn't even the rightful ruler of the Water Tribe. He lied his way onto the Northern throne.
Varrick	Mr. President, the Republic is already involved in this conflict. The North attacked our cultural center last night.
Raiko	Believe me, we are doing everything we can to bring the people responsible to justice.
Korra	"""The people responsible""? Who else would it be but the Northerners?"
Raiko	Now, I know that when you're young, it's hard to keep perspective-
Korra	 You're the one who's lost perspective. I'm trying to save my tribe, and you're taking pictures.
Raiko	Sending troops is not something I can do at this time. But I promise I will work with Unalaq and the South for a diplomatic solution. Now, I'm sorry, but my mind is made up. This meeting is over.
Korra	My family is going to be wiped out, and it'll be on your head for doing nothing about it. 
Korra	 I can't believe the President is doing nothing! H-He doesn't even care!
Mako	I'm sure he cares, but he can't just tell his people to go fight a battle at the South Pole that has nothing to do with them.
Korra	 How could you take his side?
Mako	What's with you and sides? Why do you always think I'm working against you?
Korra	Well, you're not helping me! I'm trying to get troops to the South. What are you doing?
Mako	I'm doing my job.
Korra	 Well, excuse me, officer. Don't let me stand in the way of you writing tickets. I'm just trying to save the world.
Mako	Well, you wouldn't have to if you didn't keep messing it up!
Korra	I can't talk to you when you're like this. 
Mako	 You're the one who's like this!
Asami	Huh?  Hey! In a hurry?
Korra	Sorry, I have to talk to Varrick.
Asami	Yeah, me too.
Varrick	 Oh, hello!  See? I told you I could do it.
Bolin	Sorry I ever doubted you.
Korra	We can't wait for the President to act. We need those troops now.
Asami	And my company is about to go under. I have to find a way to make some sales.
Varrick	"Right, okay. Got it. Idea storm!  Get the supplies!  You're about to get an inside look at how Varrick Global Industries stays at the forefront of imagination innovation, or ""imagivation""! That's trademarked, pal.  Brainwork requires increased circulation.  Let's do this!  Okay, here come the ideas. Fast and furious. Pink mint lemon tea. Radio for pets. Uh, hand shoes. Hold on a tic. We don't need the President to go to the South. We just need the troops! Let's go straight to them! If there's one thing I know about troops, it's that they love fighting."
Korra	I know General Iroh. He might be willing to help us.
Varrick	A man on the inside. Perfect!  And you need to sell some mecha tanks. I know some people who need them. We'll ship 'em South.
Korra	That's perfect! You'll be making money for your company and you'll be helping to defeat Unalaq.
Varrick	It's true. If you can't make money during a war, you just flat-out cannot make money.
Asami	It's dangerous on the seas right now, but I'm willing to try if you are.
Varrick	It'll be crazy risky, but I love crazy risky! End storm!  Zhu Li, get those other ideas to research and development. I want prototypes by next week. 
Korra	I don't understand why it's so hard to get Republic City to support the South.
Varrick	Don't worry, I'm already working on that. As soon as people see this, they'll be lining up to fight Unalaq. Zhu Li, do the, uh-- the thing.
Bolin	Don't freak out. It's not real.
Varrick	I had a film crew documenting the entire Northern invasion.
Bolin	 Ahhh! Sorry. I keep doing that.
Varrick	"We're gonna cut this footage together with scenes we shoot of our superstar Bolin here playing a Southern Water Tribe hero  battling the evil Unalaq. No one will root for the North after they see ""The Adventures of Nuktuk: Hero of the South""!"
Bolin	 I'm Nuktuk! What do you think?
Bolin	Oh, man, you should have seen Varrick today. That guy is a genius.
Mako	Uh-huh.
Bolin	He's gonna help Asami sell her mecha tanks to the South, and he came up with this great idea for Korra to get General Iroh to fight Unalaq without President Raiko ever even knowing.
Mako	What? That's a terrible idea!
Bolin	And he's gonna put me in the movers as this hero, Nuktuk!  He's a man of action, but he's got a heart of gold. He was born in the tundra.
Mako	Look, I'm trying to do something that's actually important here.
Bolin	Oh. Oh, sorry. Uh, sure. What is it?
Mako	Something doesn't make sense about this bombing. I just don't buy that the Northern Water Tribe was behind it.  Wait a second! That's him! That's the guy that attacked the center! I gotta go show this to Beifong! 
Bolin	Glad I could help. Nuktuk saves the day again!
Tenzin	All right, Meelo, the first thing you need to do as a trainer is establish dominance. You are in charge. Never forget that. Now call Poki.
Meelo	 Poki, come here!  Poki.  Poki, no!
Tenzin	Meelo ... you're rewarding him for bad behavior.
Meelo	But he's tickling me.
Tenzin	You can't let him nap in the bed with you. You are the alpha lemur. He has to sleep on the floor.  I know it's hard,  but it's for the best.
Meelo	No, Poki, this is my bed.  You sleep on the floor.  Being alpha lemur is lonely. 
Tenzin	I know.
Raiko	How did this Cultural Center attack happen right under your nose? And why haven't you arrested the Northerners responsible?
Lin	We're working on it, sir.
Raiko	Well, work harder! If you don't get any results soon, I'm going to find someone who can.
Mako	I got a break in the bombing case. I I.D.'d the guy I saw at the scene.
Lu	That's great, Mako.
Gang	Yeah, you better run that in to Beifong right now.
Mako	You think?
Lu	Sure. You're gonna be a hero!
Lin	What makes a rookie beat cop think he can interrupt my meeting with the President? 
Mako	I'm sorry, I just-- um, I found something out about the bombing. 
Lin	Well, give it to Lu and Gang, you moron.  Now get out! 
Lu	Sorry. Was she busy?
Mako	This is the guy I saw sneaking out of the building right before the explosions. He's a member of the Agni Kais. Someone must have hired him to make it look like Northerners attacked the Cultural Center. 
Gang	Hmm. 
Mako	Did you learn anything about that remote control I found at the scene? That's gotta be the key to finding out who's really responsible.
Lu	Listen, kid, it was the Northern Water Tribe, okay?
Gang	Yeah, give it a rest, Super Cop.
Raiko	I've heard good things about you. You've made some big triad busts for a rookie.
Mako	Thank you, sir.
Raiko	And you're dating the Avatar, right?
Mako	Yes, sir.
Raiko	I'm concerned that she might be getting some bad advice from Varrick. You wouldn't happen to know if they're plotting anything that might compromise the security of Republic City, would you, officer?  Let me remind you that you've sworn an oath. You're a man of the law before anything else.
Mako	Yes, sir.
Raiko	Well, keep up the good work. 
Mako	 Wait, there's something you should know.
Korra	Thank you for seeing me, General Iroh.
Iroh	What can I do?
Korra	The South needs military support before Unalaq wipes them out completely, but the President is refusing to give the order. So I decided to come to you directly.
Iroh	I see. Well, suppose I were to take the fleet South on some routine training maneuvers. And let's say we were to accidentally run into a hostile Northern blockade. We'd have no choice but to defend ourselves, wouldn't we?
Korra	I guess you wouldn't. Thank you!
Raiko	 Swapping old war stories?
Iroh	 Mr. President.
Raiko	I hope you're not planning to take any military action without an order from your commander-in-chief?
Iroh	Of course not, sir.
Raiko	Good. Because if a single vessel leaves this harbor without my say-so, you'll be court-martialed. Am I clear?
Iroh	Crystal, sir.
Raiko	 Your activities here are bordering on insurrection. The Avatar does not command the military of the Republic. Don't go behind my back again.  As you were, General Iroh. 
Korra	 I hate that guy!
Iroh	 I'm sorry. My hands are officially tied.
Korra	I understand. Thanks anyway.
Iroh	 But you should talk to the Fire Lord. My mother and grandfather have always been good friends with the Avatar, and the Southern Water Tribe. I'm sure they'll be willing to help.
Korra	Thank you, General.
Bolin	Wouldn't I be cold wearing this outfit in the snow?
Varrick	Ah, Nuktuk is never cold.
Bolin	 Ohhh.  Hey, Ginger.
Varrick	 How about that, huh? It's the latest product in my Varri-manageable Hair Line: Varri-dye! We get some shots of her using it before Unalaq kidnaps her, I guarantee we sell a million cases week one.
Korra	 Bolin, I need you to watch Naga while I'm gone.
Bolin	Where are you going?
Korra	The Fire Nation. I'm going to try to get them to help the South.  I need a boat.
Varrick	What happened with General Iroh?
Korra	He was going to help, but then President Raiko showed up. Someone must have tipped him off, but I can't figure it out. No one knew about it except for us and Asami.
Bolin	And Mako.
Korra	Mako? 
Bolin	What?  There's no way Mako would have told.  Right?
Meelo	 Poki, sit!  Roll over.  Good boy. 
Tenzin	Well done, Meelo! I knew you could learn to train Poki.
Meelo	Not just Poki. I trained all the lemurs. Watch!
Tenzin	 I've created a monster.  Uh, maybe we should forget about all this training discipline for now. Why don't you and Poki just have fun and play?
Meelo	Thanks, dad, training makes me tired. Come on, Poki.
Korra	 You ratted me out to the President?
Mako	 Korra, let me explain.
Korra	Explain why my boyfriend stabbed me in the back?
Mako	Look, the President of the Republic asked me a direct question. What was I supposed to do?
Korra	 You betrayed me, and my family! 
Mako	 Enough! Look, I have a job to do! I can't constantly be worrying about keeping you from making another huge mistake!
Korra	 Well, I have a job to do too, only it seems like you're always standing in the way of me getting it done!
Mako	Well, I guess if we're both putting our jobs first, maybe there's no room for our relationship! 
Korra	 So, what? Are you breaking up with me?
Mako	 Yeah. I guess I am.
Lin	What the flameo happened here?!
Mako	 I broke up with the Avatar.
Lin	 You got off easy. You shoulda seen Air Temple Island after Tenzin broke up with me!
Eska	 You ruined my wedding!
Eska	 No one steals my Bolin!
