Shiro Shinobi	 The new Air Nation is in jeopardy. In an effort to force Korra to surrender herself, Zaheer ambushed the Northern Air Temple. Tenzin, Bumi, and Kya attempted to hold off the Red Lotus, but were injured in battle. The airbenders were unable to escape and everyone was taken captive except Kai. Now Korra and Team Avatar race to the temple hoping to mount a rescue.
Suyin	 I say we make our approach from the west, drop down from the airship on cables, ambush these Red Lotus low-lives before they know what hit them.
Lin	It will never work. That Combustion Lady will pick us off one by one.
Suyin	You have a better idea on how to save the airbenders?
Lin	Yeah. We come up from the valley, scale the side of the mountain and take them off guard.
Tonraq	That could work.
Suyin	And give them the high ground? No, if their lavabender spots us, he'll melt the mountainside and us with it.
Bolin	Wait, I've got it. I'll disguise myself as a lost hiker, and once I'm in the temple, I'll distract the Red Lotus with my bird calls.  That's when you all strike.
Mako	Bird calls, really?
Bolin	Well I haven't noticed you offering any suggestions.
Korra	It doesn't matter. None of these ideas will work. The second Zaheer realizes we're up to something, he'll wipe out the airbenders.
Suyin	And Opal is one of those airbenders. Believe me, I understand what's at stake.
Korra	Then I'll think you agree that the only plan that will work is for me to give myself up.
Mako	What?
Lin	Korra, no.
Tonraq	We'll figure out another way.
Korra	I talked it over with Lord Zuko, and I've given it a lot of thought. I have to do this.
Asami	You can't expect us to sit by and let Zaheer take you.
Korra	The world has been out of balance for far too long: it needs the Air Nation back again. I can't let Zaheer destroy it and everyone we love. Help me save the airbenders, then you can worry about saving me.
Tonraq	 We're with you, Korra.
Suyin	Yes, whatever you need, they're here.
Korra	I'll go radio Zaheer.
Korra	Zaheer, are you there? It's me.
Zaheer	I've been waiting for your call. So, do we have a deal?
Korra	Yes. You release the airbenders, and then I'll turn myself over.
Zaheer	And take away the only leverage I have? No. I can't do that. Listen carefully, here's what I need you to do.
Mako	 Will you sit down? I'm already tense enough as it is.
Bolin	I'm just worried about Opal, and Pabu's not here to comfort me.  I hope he and Naga are doing okay back in Zaofu.
Yin	No, not Mako's scarf! Bad dog and rat thingy! I'm very disappointed in you two. 
Tonraq	Did you speak to Zaheer?
Korra	 Yes. He told me to come to the top of Laghima's Peak at noon, alone. Once he has me, he'll release the airbenders over to you at the temple.
Suyin	I think I figured a way to play this so that the airbenders and Korra all come out in one piece.
Lin	How?
Suyin	Zaheer doesn't know how many of us there are, so we have the numbers advantage. I say we split into two teams:  Mako, Bolin and Asami will take the airship up to the temple.  Meanwhile, my metalbenders, Tonraq, Lin, and I will get in position below Laghima's Peak.
Zaheer	Let go your earthly tether. Enter the void. Empty and become wind. Empty and become wind. 
P'Li	The airbenders are secured.
Zaheer	Thank you, P'Li. For everything.
P'Li	Of course. 
Zaheer	I want you to know:  not one day went by in that prison when I didn't think of you.
P'Li	 The years apart only made my love for you stronger. And deep down I knew you would find a way to get me out. Just like you saved me from becoming that warlord's killing machine when I was a girl.  You've shown me what true freedom means.
Zaheer	And after today,  we'll show the entire world what it means. No more prisons, no more running.
P'Li	I love you, Zaheer.
Zaheer	I love you too. 
Lin	 Radio the second you see those airbenders.
Mako	I will, Chief. Good luck.
Asami	Be careful, Korra.
Korra	You too.
Tonraq	Korra.
Korra	Don't worry, Dad. I'll be all right.
Tonraq	 I just want you to know how proud I am of you. The risk you're taking to save the Air Nation will be remembered for generations.
Korra	I love you, Dad.
Tonraq	I love you too, sweetheart.
Korra	 And Dad, watch out for Zaheer. He's not very fond of world leaders.
Tonraq	I can handle him. Just stay focused on your mission.
Bolin	Oh, man.
Mako	Must have been some fight.
Korra	Mako, did you see the airbenders?
Mako	Not yet. We're just arriving. Don't turn yourself over until I get a visual on them.
Ghazan	This way.  You want the airbenders, or not?
Zaheer	Drop your staff and surrender yourself.  Don't make me come get you.
Korra	Mako, what's going on?
Mako	They're here. And so is the lavabender.
Korra	Tell Ghazan to let the airbenders go.
Zaheer	Not 'til you turn yourself over. This isn't a negotiation.  Wipe them out!
Korra	No! Wait. I'm coming.
Zaheer	 Stand down.
P'Li	Don't bother trying to metalbend out of these: they're platinum.
Zaheer	We have her.
Asami	It's okay, Tenzin. We're about to get you out of here.
Mako	Korra, it was a trick! They're not here. Don't turn yourself over!
Korra	We had a deal!
Mako	Chief, get Korra out of there. Now!
Lin	Go! Go!
P'Li	Get the Avatar on the airship. I'll deal with them.
Tonraq	Nowhere to go, Zaheer!
Asami	Where're the airbenders?
Tenzin	I don't know. Zaheer moved them out of the temple.
Ming-Hua	Won't you just bury them already?
Asami	Come on.  We have to get to the airship.
Bolin	Not gonna happen. The exit's blocked.
Asami	Where's Oogi?
Tenzin	Gone. All the bison got scared off during the attack. But, I think I know another way out. Bolin, can you get us to that wall?
Bolin	On it!
Tenzin	Through there.
Bolin	 Is it just me, or is it uh, getting really warm in here?  Oh, this is not good.  Let's move it, people!
Zaheer	Say hello to the Earth Queen for me. 
Korra	Dad!
Suyin	We're pinned down.
Lin	I'm gonna draw her fire. You take her out.
Suyin	Lin. No.
Lin	I love you.  Come and get me, you Third-Eyed Freak!
Zaheer	 P'Li!
Suyin	It's over, Zaheer.
Zaheer	Let go your earthly tether.
Lin	Release the Avatar.
Zaheer	Enter the void.
Suyin	This is your last warning!
Zaheer	Empty, and become wind. 
Lin	No! Stop!
Lin	 Did he just, fly?
Ghazan	Guess he doesn't need a ride.
Tonraq	Korra.
Bolin	 We can't outrun it! This way.
Mako	Now what?
Mako	Bolin!
Tenzin	Incredible.
Mako	 You're a lavabender.
Bolin	I know. I just found out.
Kai	 Hey, you guys need a lift?
Tenzin	Kai. You're all right.
Kai	More or less. Everyone hop on.
Tonraq	I owe you my life. Thank you, Captain.
Kuvira	You can call me, Kuvira.
Kai	Hey everybody, there's something I got to tell you.
Lin	How did you guys make it out of the temple alive?
Mako	It was all Bolin. I thought we were done for, then out of nowhere, he lavabends.
Suyin	I knew you had the potential for something big. You just had to believe in yourself.
Bolin	You're right. Being moments from death was a pretty good motivator too. Of course, we would have never made it back with Kai.
Kai	Glad I could help. So anyway-
Tenzin	Did Zaheer get away with Korra?
Lin	I'm afraid so.
Suyin	Apparently, he can fly now.
Tenzin	What?
Asami	How?
Bolin	Are you sure?
Lin	I wouldn't believe it either if I hadn't seen it for myself.
Tenzin	I've heard the legends about Guru Laghima's ability to fly. I'd never imagine they were true.
Tonraq	So what's our next move?
Kai	I have an idea.
Lin	Not right now, kid! We need to figure out where Zaheer took Korra.
Tenzin	And find the airbenders.
Kai	 That's what I've been trying to tell you.  I know where the airbenders are, and I bet it's where Korra is too.
Mako	Well, why didn't you say something? 
Tenzin	Where are they? How did you find them?
Kai	After I got blasted out the sky, I woke up on the side of the mountain,  where this little fellow found me. I tried to sneak back into the temple, to see if I could rescue anyone, and that's when I saw the airship leaving. I followed it into some caves a few miles from here. The giant lady and some people put the airbenders into the caves.
Lin	Was it Ghazan and Ming-Hua?
Kai	No, there were four more of them. They didn't look familiar.
Mako	Must be more Red Lotus members than we thought.
Kai	I couldn't fight them on my own, so I came back here, hoping you guys would show up.
Lin	We need to get to those caves.
Kai	How? I don't think we can all fit on my bison.
Tenzin	Oogi!  I'm glad to see you too, old friend.
Kuvira	I want to come with you.
Suyin	No, Kuvira. Stay with the injured. We'll be back for you once we have the Avatar. 
Mako	 Hey. Um, I appreciate you coming back for us. Sorry for ever giving you a hard time.
Kai	That's okay. I probably deserved it.
Mako	Yeah, you kind of did.
Ming-Hua	Why didn't you ever tell us you could fly?
Zaheer	I wasn't sure I could. Only one other airbender in history had the ability.
Ghazan	 How did you figure out how to do it?
Zaheer	I found true freedom. I am no longer bound to this earth by worldly desires. I have entered the void.
Ming-Hua	 Where's P'Li?
Zaheer	 She sacrificed her life for our cause. Now let's make sure it wasn't in vain.
Korra	You. You killed my father! 
Zaheer	I understand your grief. I also lost someone I loved today. But your pain will soon be over.  Bring the poison.
