Shiro Shinobi	 Korra has reopened the Southern spirit portal and taken the first step to restoring balance between spirits and man. Meanwhile, tensions are high between Korra and her father after she discovered he was hiding a dark secret. Years ago, Tonraq was banished from the North. And now the Northern navy has landed on Southern shores. What other plans does Unalaq have for the Avatar?
Northern soldier	Everyone, clear the streets! Get back in your homes.
Korra	Uncle, why did you bring your troops down from the North?
Unalaq	Now that you've opened the Southern portal, we need to protect it from the people who would do the spirits harm.
Korra	 I can protect it.
Unalaq	I need you for something more important. There is another portal, in the North. Once you open it, spirits and man will be able to move freely between the North and the South in a matter of seconds.
Korra	But, the solstice is over. How am I going to open it?
Unalaq	The spiritual energy is much stronger in the North. And now that you've opened the Southern portal, your energy is stronger as well.
Korra	 With both portals open, our tribes will be united again.
Unalaq	The world will be united again.
Tenzin	 Ahh, I haven't felt this at peace since-  Aaand, it's over.
Bumi	 Gooood morning, Universe.
Kya	 Bumi, please, cover yourself.
Bumi	" Well, lookee here, ""Vacation Tenzin"" has finally decided to join us."
Tenzin	Yes, he has.  It's so nice to get to spend more time with my family.  Isn't that right, my little Rohan?  And I've really enjoyed having you two around. Reminds me of all those great vacations we took as kids with Dad.
Kya	Uhh, I think your memory's a little foggy.  Bumi and I weren't on those great vacations. It was always just you and Dad.
Tenzin	 No, that can't be right. What about the time he took us to Kyoshi Island to ride the elephant koi?
Kya	Nope, we weren't there.
Tenzin	Hmm. Oh, remember Ember Island? Those amazing sand palaces we built on the beach.
Bumi	You mean, you built? We never saw the place.
Tenzin	I could've sworn.
Bumi	Morning, kids! 
Meelo	Morning, Uncle Bumi!  Do you have a baby in there? 
Pema	Where's your sister?
Jinora	Who?
Pema	Ikki. About this tall.  Talks real fast. I'm sure you know her.
Jinora	 Uhh ...
Meelo	There was a lemur fight, but the bison told us not to worry because a giant was coming. Then we almost got eaten by a shark-squid! 
Bumi	 The shark-squid? He's here? It appears my old nemesis has found me. 
Pema	 Jinora, were you and Meelo teasing your sister again?
Jinora	 I don't know.  Maybe.  Yes.
Meelo	She ran away.
Pema	 Honestly, I don't know why you kids can't just get along!
Tenzin	 It's all right, dear, Ikki couldn't have gone far.,  I'll find her.
Bumi	 Commander Bumi reporting for duty! Search-and-rescue missions are my specialty.
Kya	 What do you say we all go together?
Tenzin	Sure, I could use the help.
Bumi	When I get back, we'll come out with a plan to take down that shark-squid once and for all!
Meelo	 Yeah!
Tonraq	Thank you for coming, everyone. I know these last few days have been very troubling. 
Varrick	 Troubling? Troubling is when I get that itchy rash that won't go away, and Zhu Li's not around to scratch it. This is shocking.  Nay, sickening! But these kale cookies? Opposite.  Remind me to get the recipe later. 
Tonraq	What's your point, Varrick?
Varrick	My point is,  Unalaq's already booted our chieftains out of their palace. How long before he starts telling us what kind of cookies  we can eat?
Zhu Li	Probably a couple of days.
Varrick	 Rhetorical question, Zhu Li, you gotta keep up.  Not to mention, I've got a cargo ship full of halibut that's rotting thanks to this harbor lockdown?  Who wants to buy a ship full of stinking fish?  Seriously, it's not rhetorical. I need to sell these fish.
Korra	Chief Unalaq is here to help the South. He wants to show us how to restore balance with the spirits so they'll stop attacking.
Varrick	The only spirit I'm interested in restoring is our spirit of independence. Am I right, people? 
Korra	All Unalaq is trying to do is make our tribes unified again.
Varrick	No, he wants control of our wealth. My wealth. And I like my wealth. If Unalaq doesn't pull his forces out, then we have no choice but to fight for our freedom! 
Korra	You want to start a war? Are you crazy?
Tonraq	Unalaq started this, not us.  I'm sorry, maybe you could speak with your uncle. Tell him how frustrated we all are. He'll listen to what the Avatar has to say. Do it for me?
Korra	I'll do it for the tribe. 
Varrick	I cannot stop eating these things.  Look, we all know where this conflict is heading. We need to start preparing for war.
Eska	I will hate to leave this quaint tribe.
Desna	Is that true, Eska?
Eska	Of course not, Desna, I will not miss it at all. I hold immense dislike for the South.  Bolin, laugh at my humorous quip!
Bolin	Yes, dear.  So-so funny. 
Bolin	 You know, I'll be really sad when you have to leave. It's been really great getting to know you.  Really.
Eska	But you will be coming with me to the North. There we will live the rest of our lives together in icy bliss.  Foolish Bolin.
Bolin	 Mako! I'm so happy to see you! 
Mako	Uh, you all right, bro?
Bolin	 No! No, I'm not all right. I can't take anymore. Listen, I don't want to live in icy bliss with Eska!  Don't make me. Oh, please, please don't make me.
Mako	Uh, hey, if you're that unhappy, just break up with her.
Bolin	Break up with her? You can do that?
Mako	Yeah. Guys do that all the time.
Bolin	How?
Mako	Just tell her you're not that into her anymore.
Bolin	Oh, no, no, I don't think she'd like that.
Mako	 Ending a relationship is kind of like pulling off a blood-sucking leech. You just gotta rip it off and get it over with. You'll feel a lot better afterwards. Trust me.
Bolin	Thanks, Mako. Whew. I'm lucky you're so good at breaking girls' hearts.  Ha, Korra better watch out.  Oooh, no, it's just a-, uh, you kn-, uh, never mind.
Unalaq	Our next training sessions isn't until tomorrow.
Korra	I'm sorry to interrupt. It's about our conversation this morning.
Unalaq	Yes?
Korra	I understand why you brought your troops here, but I'm afraid it's sending the wrong message.
Unalaq	Your father has been talking to you.
Korra	Not just him. Varrick too. There was a meeting at my parents' house. A lot of Southerners feel like their tribe is being invaded.
Unalaq	I am their chief. I'm uniting, not invading.
Korra	I know, but I'm just afraid if something doesn't change, there could be a civil war.
Unalaq	If the Water Tribes were at war, the other nations would take sides. The dark spirits would thrive off this negative energy, and the world would be thrown into a battle between spirits and man. That would be catastrophic.
Korra	How do we stop it?
Unalaq	We? No, Korra.  This is a war only the Avatar can prevent.
Korra	 I'm usually the one starting fights. I don't know how to stop them from happening.
Unalaq	As the Avatar, you must remain neutral in this conflict. You will naturally want to help your people, but showing favoritism will not help our tribes finds unity.
Korra	Maybe Tenzin was right.  Maybe I'm not ready to be the Avatar.
Unalaq	Tenzin lacked faith in you.  But I have no doubt that you will become the most admired Avatar the world has ever known.
Korra	Thank you, Uncle.
Northern soldier	Who threw those?
Northern soldier	You hoodlums think you're tough, huh?
Southern civilian	Pick on a waterbender your own size!
Korra	 Stop!
Southern civilian	Tell these thugs to go back to the North. They're not welcome here anymore!
Northern soldier	These Southerners need to stay in line.
Korra	Everyone, calm down. You're all part of the same tribe, start acting like it.
Southern civilian	 You're taking their side? We thought you were one of us.
Korra	 I'm not taking anyone's side.  Hey!
Little girl	You're the worst Avatar ever!
Tonraq	Everyone, walk away from this. They're not worth our trouble. Go back to your homes.
Tonraq	Korra, I-  Korra!
Tenzin	Ikki! Ikki! Ikki? Ikki, where are you?
Bumi	 Over here, Dad!  Just kidding. It's me!
Kya	There's no sign of her anywhere.
Tenzin	Why would Ikki run off like this? Ah, it's probably my fault.
Kya	 Probably.
Tenzin	Excuse me?
Kya	"I'm guessing you've been so busy with your  ""duty"" to Republic City that you forgot about your duty to your kids."
Bumi	" ""Duty."""
Kya	 What are you, five years old?
Tenzin	Kya, you're right. I haven't been spending enough time with them. I wish I could be as good a father as Dad was to us.
Kya	Tenzin, your problem is you're exactly like Dad. He was so focused on saving the world and doing his duty,  don't laugh, that he never had time for us.
Tenzin	Dad was under a lot of pressure.
Bumi	He always had time for you, though,  his precious little airbender.
Tenzin	 Dad loved us all equally. Besides, it all happened a long time ago. Why are we even talking about this?
Kya	Because you seem to have some grandiose delusion that we had a perfect, happy-go-lucky childhood. Guess what. We didn't!
Tenzin	We need to keep moving if we want to find Ikki before dark.
Kya	 See what he's doing there, Bumi? Classic airbender technique. Cutting and running when things get tough!
Tenzin	Uch.
Bumi	 Yeah. Did Dad teach you that move?
Mako	How was your day, sweetie?
Korra	 Oh, fabulous.  My tribe's about to go to war, and I'm supposed to stop it, but will anyone listen to me? No! And I didn't ask for my father's help. Can't he just let me be the Avatar?
Mako	Uh, do you want advice, or am I just supposed to listen? I'm still not clear on that.
Korra	Ugh. I'm sorry. My dad just gets me all worked up.
Mako	How about you take a break from all this Avatar stuff, and we go out for a quiet dinner. Just the two of us.
Bolin	 Isn't this fun, huh? We never get to spend enough time together, just the ... five of us. So fun.
Eska	Excuse us while we retrieve more sustenance. 
Bolin	You guys gotta save me.
Mako	"I though you were breaking up with her. What happened to ""ripping off the leech""?"
Bolin	I tried! But anytime I bring up the subject, she threatens to freeze me in a block of ice and feed me to dolphin piranhas!
Mako	So it was more like you tugged at the leech.
Bolin	Yes, over and over and over, but it won't come off. Why didn't you warn me your cousin had the power to reach into my heart and crush my soul with her bare hands.
Korra	Uh, 'cause I thought it was pretty obvious?
Bolin	No, no, not to me it wasn't. I'm very bad at reading people. You should know that by now.  Oh, man. Oh! Do something, Avatar!
Bumi	You know, this reminds me of a search-and-rescue mission I commanded years ago in the mountains outside of Ba Sing Se.
Tenzin	 Here we go.
Bumi	For five days we scoured the beast of a mountain, fighting our ways through blizzards, sandstorms, and three typhoons. Finally, we found the men huddled in a cave, seconds from death. With no time to lose, I piled all twelve of those poor souls on my back and single-handedly carried them down the mountain to safety.
Tenzin	 And how exactly is that supposed to help us find Ikki?
Bumi	It was supposed to inspire you. Clearly, you know nothing about being a leader of men. That's probably why the Avatar fired you.
Tenzin	I'm sick of your far-fetched tales. Three typhoons?
Bumi	Well, I may have thrown in an extra typhoon or two for dramatic effect, but-
Kya	Quit arguing and bring that lantern over here. I found footprints.
Tenzin	Come on! 
Bumi	No, follow me! This will get us down fifty times faster. 
Kya	Bumi, it's pitch black and the rocks are slippery. You're going to hurt yourself.
Bumi	Come on, you wimps! If I can do it, it should be no problem for a couple of benders.
Kya	Fine.
Kya	 You were right, Bumi! That was faster!
Tenzin	At least fifty times faster, by my calculations. 
Bumi	 Oh, so Tenzin's the funny guy now.
Tenzin	If you need an airlift down, just say the word.
Bumi	Bah, I don't need your help. I've got everything under control.  Agh!
Tenzin	 Bumi!
Korra	Did Dad send you to talk to me?
Senna	Your father doesn't know I'm here.  Korra, what's going on between you two?
Korra	Ask Dad. 
Senna	I've tried, but he won't talk about it. Honey, it breaks my heart to see our family being torn apart like this.
Korra	You want to know what's been going on? I found out Dad's been lying to me my whole life. Unalaq told me everything; how Dad and Tenzin kept me trapped down here while I trained; how Dad got banished from the North.
Senna	So, the truth is out.
Korra	You knew? And you never said anything.
Senna	We were trying to keep our family together, to give you a normal childhood.
Korra	I never wanted a normal childhood. All I ever wanted to be was the Avatar. But everyone keeps holding me back, even my own parents! Unalaq's the only one who believes in me.
Senna	That's not true, Korra.
Korra	No? Then why is everyone in the South turning against me, when all I'm trying to do is help them?
Senna	The problems between the North and the South started long before you were born. You can't expect to undo them in a day.
Korra	So I should just sit back and let the Water Tribes go to war?
Senna	No, but this situation might be out of your control. Varrick's been plotting a rebellion against Unalaq. He asked your father to join, and-
Korra	 Dad is part of a rebellion?
Senna	I don't know, but I don't want you getting caught in the middle of it.
Korra	It's too late, Mom. I'm already in the middle of it. 
Senna	 Korra!
Korra	Uncle!  Oh, no. Uncle?  Dad?  Dad, don't do this.
Rebel	Turn around, Avatar, and pretend you didn't see anything.
Korra	No. Leave Unalaq and go. I'll tell him I tried to stop you, but you escaped. We can still avoid a war.
Rebel	No, we can't.
Rebel	Get him out of here!
Korra	We're all part of the same tribe. I don't wanna hurt you.
Korra	Dad, stop!  Why did you do this, Dad?  What? Who are you? Where's my father?
Rebel leader	He wouldn't help us. He's a traitor, just like you.
Unalaq	Thank you for saving my life.
Korra	I'm just glad I got here in time.
Unalaq	Find Varrick. I want him to freeze in prison with the rest of these traitors. 
Korra	Wait, you can't just lock them away. That will only make the South angrier.
Unalaq	You want them to go free?
Korra	No. But let them stand trial for what they did. Every Water Tribe citizen deserves that right.
Unalaq	 Very well. I will respect the Avatar's wishes in this matter.
Korra	 Thank you, Uncle.
Kya	I told you those rocks were slippery. You're lucky you didn't kill yourself.
Bumi	You done with the lecture, Mom?
Kya	Oh, grow up! You haven't changed one bit since we were kids. You're still trying to prove you can do everything a bender can. Well, you can't. Deal with it.
Bumi	And you're not our mother. You don't get to tell me what I can and can't do. Deal with that.  Ugh.
Kya	Good luck healing yourself with your special nonbending powers.
Bumi	 Hey, hey, back me up here, Tenzin.
Tenzin	Kya's right. You're the oldest of us, but you always acted like the youngest. I had to become the responsible one.
Kya	You think you're the responsible one?  Where were you after Dad died and Mom was all alone? Because I was the only one who packed up and moved my whole life to be with her.
Tenzin	Sure, after years of flitting around the world, trying to find yourself. It was time for you to settle down somewhere.  You two have no idea how it feels to have the future of an entire culture on your shoulders.
Bumi	 Oh, boo-hoo. Must've been real hard for you, flying around the world with Dad, riding elephant koi all day.
Tenzin	Oh, so that's what this is all about.
Kya	That's what it's always been about. You think you're some savior who has to carry on Dad's legacy.
Tenzin	Who else is going to do it?
Kya	How about all of us?
Bumi	Yeah, we're Aang's kids too.
Kya	We never should have come on this vacation.
Bumi	I couldn't agree more.
Tenzin	 Well, I didn't want you to come in the first place. I can't be around you two right now. Go back to the temple and see if Ikki returned. I'll keep looking out here.
Bumi	 Fine.
Kya	 Fine.
Tenzin	Fine.
Korra	Is it okay if I come in?
Senna	Of course. We heard what happened. Are you okay?
Korra	 I'm so glad you weren't there. I don't know what I would've done.
Tonraq	I had no idea how far Varrick was willing to go. My brother and I have our differences, but I would never attack him.
Korra	I'm sorry for thinking you had anything to do with the rebels. And for all the pain I've caused you and Mom.
Tonraq	I'm the one who should apologize. After I saw the Southern Lights return, I was so proud of you. I never should've held you back.
Senna	When your father and I found each other, all we wanted was to live a simple life and raise a family. But, then we discovered you were the Avatar, and simple was over. We knew one day the world would need you, and you wouldn't need us anymore.
Korra	Mom, Dad,  of course I still need you.
Tonraq	 We weren't expecting you.
Unalaq	 Tonraq, Senna, you are under arrest and will stand trial.
Tonraq	Trial? For what?
Unalaq	For conspiring to assassinate me.
