Shiro Shinobi	 Avatar Korra has lost her memory! In order to restore it, she has connected with Wan, who would become the very first Avatar. Banished from his home, Wan survived for two years in the Spirit Wilds and learned to master fire. But then, Wan split the spirits of light and dark, Raava and Vaatu, unwittingly plunging the world toward annihilation. Will he be able to stop him?
Karu	 Should we pull her up?
Shaman	 No. She is connecting with her deepest Avatar memories.  She must confront her own past if she is to move forward.  We can only hope that she survives her ordeal.
Raava	 The human and spirit realms are headed toward annihilation.  And it's all your fault.  This is why humans have no place  interfering in the business of spirits.
Wan	 This world is home to all of us, and what happens here is everyone's business.
Raava	 Thanks to you, this world may cease to exist! I only hope I can track down Vaatu before it's too late.
Wan	 Let me help you.
Raava	 I don't want your help.  Don't interfere with me again, human!
Wan	Let's get moving.
Wan	 Do you see that, Mula?  People. And they have some kind of wind power.  More humans!  I found you.  Wait! I'm friendly!
Wan	The legends are true. Another lion turtle city. And it's flying.  I have got to get over there.  There. Okay, Mula. Wish me luck.  Oh, no--.  Wow.  Hi, how are you? I'm Wan.  Um, sorry to interrupt, but it's been a while since I've seen other humans.
Nomad	Where did you come from, stranger?
Wan	 Another lion turtle city far away. For the past two years I've been living among the spirits and exploring the wilds.
Nomad	 Remarkable. Come. Sit with us. We would love to hear of your travels.
Wan	Vaatu.
Vaatu	So, we meet again, human.
Nomad	Why is the great spirit of the darkness here but not his other half? 
Wan	Uh, I'll explain later.  Leave these people in peace. They've done nothing to harm you. 
Raava	 Be gone.
Vaatu	How are you feeling since our split, Raava? I've never been better. When Harmonic Convergence comes, I will destroy you forever. 
Raava	 I told you not to interfere.
Wan	I had to do something. These people were in danger.
Nomad	Great spirit of light, we thank you for your help. But how did you become split from Vaatu? 
Raava	Ask him. 
Wan	It wasn't my fault. Vaatu tricked me into freeing him. I'd take it all back if I could.
Raava	It's too late for that. Now that Vaatu is free, he is turning other spirits dark. The more spirits he turns, the stronger he becomes.
Wan	He's getting bigger, and you're getting smaller.
Raava	As darkness grows, light fades. 
Wan	I'm sorry for endangering your village, but I promise to set things right.
Nomad	 How?
Wan	Great lion turtle, I ask that you grant me the power of air so that I can defeat Vaatu before it's too late. 
Air lion turtle	You already carry the power of fire. No human has ever held two elements at the same time.
Wan	I'm not like other humans. I can learn to do it.
Air lion turtle	Hmm, perhaps. But to do so, Raava must hold the power for you until you master it.
Raava	Ancient one, why would I do that for a human? Especially one who's caused so much trouble?
Wan	Raava, please, I can't let the world fall into chaos because of my mistake. Neither of us can defeat Vaatu alone, but together we have a chance.
Raava	You may be right. Very well. I will help you to master the power of air.
Wan	 Thank you. And in return I will help you restore balance to the world.
Wan	What's this harmonic thing Vaatu was talking about?
Raava	Harmonic Convergence. That is when Vaatu and I must battle for the fate of the world.
Wan	How long do we have until then?
Raava	About a year in your time.
Wan	Then we better start training.  All right, I'm ready to try air. How's this gonna work?
Raava	The only way for me to give you the other element is to pass through your body and combine our energies.
Wan	Great. So you've done this before.
Raava	No. This has never even been attempted. It is very dangerous.
Wan	That's what they said about living in the Spirit Wilds, and I survived that. I'm ready. Give me the air.  It feels completely different. If you and Vaatu have the same fight every ten thousand years, why hasn't one of you destroyed the other? 
Raava	He cannot destroy light any more than I can destroy darkness. One cannot exist without the other. Even if I defeat Vaatu in this encounter, darkness will grow inside me until he emerges again. The same will hold true if Vaatu defeats me.
Wan	That doesn't sound so bad. Even if Vaatu wins, you'll come back.
Raava	Yes, but you will probably not survive to see it. Vaatu will destroy the world as you know it. Darkness will cover the Earth for ten thousand years. 
Wan	 If I'm gonna help you battle Vaatu, then I should visit more lion turtles.  Why is there so much conflict between humans and spirits in the first place?
Raava	 This physical world is where humans come from. Spirits come from another realm. At the north and south poles, the two realms intersect. Over time, more and more spirits have drifted into this world.  Humans have been forced apart, settling on the lion turtles who protect them and losing touch with each other.
Wan	 Most people think they live in the only human city in the world.
Raava	 Most humans think only of themselves,  no matter how many others are around.
Wan	When you pass through me, I feel an incredible rush of power.  I feel like I'm changing. The more we practice, the stronger I become.  Smells like smoke.
Raava	Humans are nearby.
Wan	Let's check it out.
Settler	A spirit! 
Wan	 Easy there, fellas. We're friendly.
Jaya	 I can't believe it. Wan? 
Wan	Jaya!  What are you doing out here? 
Jaya	 You inspired us. Once we heard that you survived out in the wilds, we decided to try it too.
Wan	 Where's Yao?  Did he come with you?
Jaya	 Yes, but sadly he didn't make it.  We ... we lost a lot of good men along the way.  So why were you protecting this spirit?
Wan	This is Raava. Don't worry. She's not like the dark spirits you've probably run into.
Jaya	 Dark spirits? What's the difference? We throw fire at any spirit we see around here. Just like they attack any man.
Raava	 You have no idea what you're doing. You're only making things worse.
Settler	 The spirits are coming back! 
Jaya	 Let's wipe 'em out this time!  We'll burn down this whole forest if we have to!
Wan	What happened to you? When did you become so violent?
Jaya	 You showed me we could change the world if we just stopped being so afraid. Now we're doing it. 
Wan	This isn't what I had in mind.
Aye-aye spirit	 Get out of the forest, humans.
Wan	 Wait! We can resolve this peacefully.
Aye-aye spirit	Stinky?  You came back.
Wan	It's good to see you again.
Aye-aye spirit	You and Raava are just in time to help us clear these tree-killing fire-lovers out of here just like the old days.
Jaya	You are the one who's getting cleared out.
Wan	There's no need for violence. I know there must be a way to work out a compromise.
Aye-aye spirit	You have a good heart, Stinky. But these fire tossers aren't like you.
Jaya	Spirits like him killed our friends! I can't let them get away with that.
Dark aye-aye spirit	 We are protectors of the forest. We won't let you burn it down.
Raava	It's Vaatu. He's growing stronger, using their anger to turn them to his side.
Dark aye-aye spirit	 Wipe them out!
Wan	Stop, please!  Raava, we need to combine our energies. Maybe then we'll have enough power to stop this.  Enough!  You need to stop fighting now,  before you destroy each other!
Aye-aye spirit	 Stinky, w-what happened?
Jaya	 He's controlling all four elements.
Raava	 Wan, I have to leave your body, or I'll destroy you.
Wan	No. It's working. If you leave, the fighting will start again.
Raava	Wan!
Wan	We have to go back.
Vaatu	 Don't bother. Your human friends have already been annihilated.
Wan	 No!
Vaatu	Enjoy your final days. See you at the end of the world!
Wan	Raava ...
Raava	I'm sorry, Wan.
Raava	We're almost there.  I was wrong about you, Wan. I had no idea that humans were capable of such nobility and courage. I'm sorry that we do not have much more time together.
Wan	Let's not give up before the battle's even begun. Who knows what will happen?  After all, this is my first Harmonic Convergence.
Raava	This is the southern portal to the Spirit World. Here, Vaatu and I will do battle once again, at the place where the two worlds meet.
Vaatu	Are you ready for our final battle, Raava? Thanks to our friend separating us, I think this time I may be rid of you once and for all.
Wan	Before you get to her, you'll have to go through me.
Vaatu	 No human can stand against me.
Wan	Haven't you heard the legends? I'm not a regular human anymore.
Vaatu	I lived ten thousand lifetimes before the first of your kind crawled out of the mud!
Vaatu	It was I who broke through the divide that separated the plane of spirits from the material world!  To hate me is to give me breath. To fight me is to give me strength. Now prepare to face oblivion!
Wan	 Raava! The only way to win is together.  Ah!
Raava	I have to leave you. If I stay any longer, you will die.
Wan	It doesn't matter. If you leave me now, Vaatu will destroy everything. We have to finish this together!
Vaatu	The Harmonic Convergence is about to begin. The era of Raava is over.
Raava	We are bonded forever.
Wan	This is your prison now. And I will close the portals so no human will ever be able to physically enter the Spirit World and release you.
Wan	 The spirits must stop fighting with humans and return to their home in the Spirit World. I will teach men to respect the spirits so that balance will be maintained.
Wan	 I will be the bridge between our two worlds. 
Fire lion turtle	 The world is entering a new age. Our time protecting mankind is over. We will no longer give humans the power of the elements.
Wan	 Different groups of people must learn to live together.  This is my mission: to use Raava's light spirit  to guide the world toward peace.
Old Wan	 I'm sorry, Raava. I failed to bring peace. Even with Vaatu locked away, darkness still surrounds humanity.  There wasn't enough time.
Raava	Don't worry. We will be together for all of your lifetimes. And we will never give up.
Korra	I remember.
Shaman	Do you know who you are?
Korra	 My name is Korra. I'm the Avatar.
Shaman	We've been raising this herd of air bison since the Hundred Year War. I never thought I'd be able to present one to the Avatar.
Korra	Thank you for all your kindness. I wonder how long I've been away.
Shaman	That I cannot say, but you do not have much time left. The Harmonic Convergence is only weeks away.
Korra	I have to close the spirit portal before that happens.
