Shiro Shinobi	 The Earth Empire has invaded the United Republic! After Kuvira demonstrated the power of her spirit energy weapon, President Raiko surrendered the city, but the Avatar refused to give up without a fight. Korra held Baatar Jr. hostage, hoping to force Kuvira to back down, but the plan failed and she fired on Team Avatar's hideout. Can anything or anyone stop Kuvira and her mecha giant?
Bolin	 Go ahead, take your time, just bending a giant wall! Man, have we got a lot of people hurt!  Is that everybody?! Gah!
Tenzin	 Kuvira is heading our way, with a platoon of mecha suits!
Asami	What should we do?
Bolin	This is my hometown and I hate to say it, but there's no use risking all our lives to fight that giant thing! Let her take the city for now! We'll think of some way to come back and beat her!
Mako	What about all the people who haven't been evacuated yet? If Kuvira finds out that Wu is with them, she might fire that spirit cannon at him and take them all out.
Korra	I couldn't stop Kuvira from taking Zaofu. I'm not letting her conquer Republic City. The world isn't safe as long as she has that weapon.
Lin	I agree. We take down that giant today.
Korra	Lin!
Lin	 Glad to see you all made it out. You had me worried.
Varrick	Well, you benders are going to have to fight her alone. She just blew up our factory with all our hummingbird suits.
Asami	Not all of them. There are the prototypes back at my office. If we can get those ready to fly, we'll at least be able to offer a little air support.
Korra	Su, you take Baatar Jr. and the rest of the wounded back to Asami's office. Get those suits working as soon as you can. The rest of us will just have to face Kuvira on our own.
Pema	Everyone, please settle down. The trains should be returning to pick us up soon.
Evacuee	 Tell that mecha jerk to settle down. She's the one blowing up the whole city!
Train conductor	 I hate to be the bearer of more bad news, but I just heard on the radio that Kuvira's army has destroyed the train tracks. We're not getting out of the city by rail.
Tu	 Everyone! I was just up on the observation deck and saw a bunch of mecha suit soldiers heading this way!
Evacuee	Oh great! The giant one wasn't enough?! It's over! We're all gonna get blown to bits!
Wu	Listen everyone, I can get us out of here if you just sit tight.  Can you step off the bench, please? It's a little crowded up here.
Train conductor	 Sure. I'm only the conductor. No one needs me on the bench.
Wu	Just stay calm. I'll be right back.  Come on.
Evacuee	 Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Where are you going?
Wu	 I'm going to get some help.  You think you can handle this unruly mob for a little while?
Pema	 I raised Meelo. I can handle anything.
Meelo	A paint store? That's it! 
Lin	 What are you doing, Meelo?
Meelo	 I just got an idea how to beat the giant. Now, everyone, grab some paint and find me some balloons!
Soldier	Airbenders approaching.
Kuvira	I see them.
Meelo	Bombs away!
Kuvira	Clear the glass!
Tenzin	Now!
Lin	The joints are platinum, too! We can't metalbend any of it!
Bolin	You're about to get the world's largest hot foot, metal lady!
Bolin	Hit it now!
Bolin	 Opal!
Korra	 Everyone retreat! Take the wounded back to Asami's office!
Lin	I'll meet you there! I'm going to see if I can find any help!
Varrick	All right, let's fire it up again!
Asami	I can't stabilize it! I thought you fixed the hydraulics.
Varrick	I did! Twist harder!
Daw	I hope you have something in here that can take out a platoon of mecha suits. Kuvira's troops are headed this way!
Varrick	 I know how to take down some mecha suits and it just might take down that giant, too.  Asami, disconnect anything electrical in here until we get back.  Zhu Li, let's go.
Baatar Jr.	Where am I? Mom?
Suyin	Just rest, son. I'm here.
Baatar Jr.	 Mom, I'm so sorry. I betrayed you, the whole family. I gave my life to Kuvira and she just fired that weapon at me. How could she do that?
Suyin	I don't know, sweetie. She's a complicated person.
Baatar Jr.	 Wing and Wei will never forgive me. And Opal.
Suyin	Yeah, they might take some time to come around. But we'll work through it as a family.
Zhu Li	Do you think this plan will actually work, sir?
Varrick	I know I can stop the mecha suits with an electromagnetic pulse, so it stands to reason that I can stop a giant mecha suit with a giant electromagnetic pulse.  Zhu Li, I've been thinking.
Zhu Li	You're always thinking, sir.
Varrick	Yes. But lately, I've been thinking about you. I know we might not make it out of this mess and I feel like there are some things I should tell you.
Zhu Li	 There are?
Varrick	I remember when I was a boy, I had an ostrich horse. Named her Mrs. Beaks.  I grew up on a farm. Did I ever tell you that, Zhu Li? This was before the circus people took me away. Anyway, I loved old Mrs. Beaks, but I took her for granted.
Zhu Li	You'll have to finish your story later. Kuvira's troops are in range.  Okay, I hope this works.
Varrick	Yes! Dead in their tracks.  Oh, rats. She's still coming. Zhu Li, do the thing!
Zhu Li	I'm afraid there are no more things to do.
Kuvira	What was that?
Soldier	An electromagnetic pulse. It shut down the mecha suits, but our power source is fine.
Kuvira	Locate the source of the pulse. That must be where Varrick is. Third and fourth mech platoons, move in and continue the sweep. Capture anyone left in the city.
Bolin	Varrick, how come your electro-thingy shut down the small mecha suits but not the big one?
Baatar Jr.	Because it's powered with spirit vine energy. I'm sorry. I wish I could help you, but it's unstoppable.
Hiroshi	It's not.
Asami	 Dad? 
Lin	I got him out of jail to help. I figured we need all the geniuses we can get our hands on right now. If the prison's still standing after all this is over, we can throw him back in.
Hiroshi	I know what you all must think of me, but I love Republic City and I would do anything to save her.
Korra	 You think you know how to defeat this thing?
Hiroshi	You must act like an infection: break the skin and attack its vital organs, disconnect the heart and the brain and this beast cannot live.
Korra	But how are we supposed to get inside?
Hiroshi	Future Industries has plasma saws for cutting platinum. If we had one on the mecha suit ...
Asami	But the saws are way too big. We'd never get the suits off the ground.
Hiroshi	I think I can add an electrical element to the welding torch on your suit and convert it into a plasma saw. Then we'll just have to land on the giant and cut open a hole big enough for someone to get in.
Asami	Like a metal mosquito.
Varrick	You know what happens to mosquitoes that land on me? I squash 'em!
Korra	We'll have to attack in a swarm to try to keep you guys safe in the hummingbird suits. It looks like they're our only hope.
Pema	Oh, first he ate the fruit, then he ate the leaves. Hungry little lemur, ate up all my trees.  Okay, great job everybody. Who's got another song for us?
Evacuee	 We can't just sit around here singing old airbender songs until we're all captured, or worse.
Pema	Should we play the button game? Who has a button?
Pema	Where do these badgermoles come from?
Wu	The zoo! Mako always hated my singing, but they love it!
Evacuee	Well, what are we supposed to do with badgermoles?
Wu	They're the best earthbenders around! We can use them to tunnel out of the city without Kuvira's troops spotting us.
Evacuee	Are you sure this is the best plan?  Let's follow the moles!
Wu	 Badgermoles, digging holes, under Republic City. Got to run away from Kuvira today, although I do still think she's pretty.
Kuvira	Mech platoons, report.
Third platoon	 Third platoon, no sign of anyone so far.
Fourth platoon	Fourth platoon, en route to train station.
Soldier	I think we found the source of the electromagnetic pulse:  Future Industries Tower.
Kuvira	That's the place.
Daw	Kuvira is headed our way!
Korra	 How long will it take to get the plasma saws ready?
Asami	Just a few more minutes.
Korra	Get out there as soon as you can.
Baatar Jr.	If you do manage to get inside, find the engine room. There are two emergency levers. If you switch them off at the same time, you'll cut the power.
Korra	Thanks.  We may not be able to beat that thing, but we can slow it down. Let's go!
Tenzin	Jinora!
Wu	 Oh, Yin, you're the sweetest evacuee I've ever known.  And I just want to thank you for being so kind, when I was living in your home.
Earth Empire sergeant	Halt!  Turn around slowly and please, stop that singing. You're all Earth Empire prisoners. Come with us and no one will get hurt.
Wu	You don't need these people. They're just innocent civilians caught in the crossfire, but I'm Prince Wu, rightful leader of the Earth Kingdom.  Take me to Kuvira. I've got business with her.
Tu	No! Don't do it, Wu.
Wu	I have to. But before I go,  I'd like to sing you a song.  If you don't respect the broach, you don't respect me. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. You're no better than a roach,  but I'm royalty. I got my badgermoles with me.
Earth Empire sergeant	Actually, your song is so bad, your badgermoles deserted you.
Wu	 You don't know what you're talking about.  Oh, badgermoles I love you, I love you. I want to, I want to pet your snouts. 
Asami	If we stop that mecha giant, it will all be because of you.
Hiroshi	You're the one who designed these incredible suits.  It's great to be working together again.
Asami	I love you, Dad.
Hiroshi	I love you, too.
Varrick	Zhu Li?
Zhu Li	Yes?
Varrick	 I have something I need to attach before we take off.
Zhu Li	 Attached to what?
Varrick	 I need to attach this ring  to your finger. Zhu Li Moon, will you do the thing for the rest of our lives?
Zhu Li	Yes.
Varrick	 Yes!  Now let's go attach these barely functional rust buckets to a giant killer smashing machine!
Zhu Li	It's exactly how I always pictured our engagement.
Varrick	Aim for that spot in the middle of the back - the one I can never reach.
Zhu Li	Got it.
Varrick	Wah, let's get out of here!  Wow! I wish I had that kind of flexibility.
Zhu Li	Hang on!
Kuvira	I need more power! They're cutting in! More power!
Asami	We need to get out of here.
Hiroshi	Almost there.
Asami	 We have to go now!
Hiroshi	 Almost there. Almost there!
Asami	 Dad! Now!
Hiroshi	Goodbye, Asami. I love you. 
Asami	 Dad!
Korra	Hiroshi's plan worked. There's our opening.
